### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Protocol and Procedure
  * Quality Assurance & Quality Control
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * TYXPEAR - Ear tested
    * TYXP001 - Pressure Array Data Point 001
    * TYXP002 - Pressure Array Data Point 002
    * TYXP003 - Pressure Array Data Point 003
    * TYXP004 - Pressure Array Data Point 004
    * TYXP005 - Pressure Array Data Point 005
    * TYXP006 - Pressure Array Data Point 006
    * TYXP007 - Pressure Array Data Point 007
    * TYXP008 - Pressure Array Data Point 008
    * TYXP009 - Pressure Array Data Point 009
    * TYXP010 - Pressure Array Data Point 010
    * TYXP011 - Pressure Array Data Point 011
    * TYXP012 - Pressure Array Data Point 012
    * TYXP013 - Pressure Array Data Point 013
    * TYXP014 - Pressure Array Data Point 014
    * TYXP015 - Pressure Array Data Point 015
    * TYXP016 - Pressure Array Data Point 016
    * TYXP017 - Pressure Array Data Point 017
    * TYXP018 - Pressure Array Data Point 018
    * TYXP019 - Pressure Array Data Point 019
    * TYXP020 - Pressure Array Data Point 020
    * TYXP021 - Pressure Array Data Point 021
    * TYXP022 - Pressure Array Data Point 022
    * TYXP023 - Pressure Array Data Point 023
    * TYXP024 - Pressure Array Data Point 024
    * TYXP025 - Pressure Array Data Point 025
    * TYXP026 - Pressure Array Data Point 026
    * TYXP027 - Pressure Array Data Point 027
    * TYXP028 - Pressure Array Data Point 028
    * TYXP029 - Pressure Array Data Point 029
    * TYXP030 - Pressure Array Data Point 030
    * TYXP031 - Pressure Array Data Point 031
    * TYXP032 - Pressure Array Data Point 032
    * TYXP033 - Pressure Array Data Point 033
    * TYXP034 - Pressure Array Data Point 034
    * TYXP035 - Pressure Array Data Point 035
    * TYXP036 - Pressure Array Data Point 036
    * TYXP037 - Pressure Array Data Point 037
    * TYXP038 - Pressure Array Data Point 038
    * TYXP039 - Pressure Array Data Point 039
    * TYXP040 - Pressure Array Data Point 040
    * TYXP041 - Pressure Array Data Point 041
    * TYXP042 - Pressure Array Data Point 042
    * TYXP043 - Pressure Array Data Point 043
    * TYXP044 - Pressure Array Data Point 044
    * TYXP045 - Pressure Array Data Point 045
    * TYXP046 - Pressure Array Data Point 046
    * TYXP047 - Pressure Array Data Point 047
    * TYXP048 - Pressure Array Data Point 048
    * TYXP049 - Pressure Array Data Point 049
    * TYXP050 - Pressure Array Data Point 050
    * TYXP051 - Pressure Array Data Point 051
    * TYXP052 - Pressure Array Data Point 052
    * TYXP053 - Pressure Array Data Point 053
    * TYXP054 - Pressure Array Data Point 054
    * TYXP055 - Pressure Array Data Point 055
    * TYXP056 - Pressure Array Data Point 056
    * TYXP057 - Pressure Array Data Point 057
    * TYXP058 - Pressure Array Data Point 058
    * TYXP059 - Pressure Array Data Point 059
    * TYXP060 - Pressure Array Data Point 060
    * TYXP061 - Pressure Array Data Point 061
    * TYXP062 - Pressure Array Data Point 062
    * TYXP063 - Pressure Array Data Point 063
    * TYXP064 - Pressure Array Data Point 064
    * TYXP065 - Pressure Array Data Point 065
    * TYXP066 - Pressure Array Data Point 066
    * TYXP067 - Pressure Array Data Point 067
    * TYXP068 - Pressure Array Data Point 068
    * TYXP069 - Pressure Array Data Point 069
    * TYXP070 - Pressure Array Data Point 070
    * TYXP071 - Pressure Array Data Point 071
    * TYXP072 - Pressure Array Data Point 072
    * TYXP073 - Pressure Array Data Point 073
    * TYXP074 - Pressure Array Data Point 074
    * TYXP075 - Pressure Array Data Point 075
    * TYXP076 - Pressure Array Data Point 076
    * TYXP077 - Pressure Array Data Point 077
    * TYXP078 - Pressure Array Data Point 078
    * TYXP079 - Pressure Array Data Point 079
    * TYXP080 - Pressure Array Data Point 080
    * TYXP081 - Pressure Array Data Point 081
    * TYXP082 - Pressure Array Data Point 082
    * TYXP083 - Pressure Array Data Point 083
    * TYXP084 - Pressure Array Data Point 084
    * TYXP085 - Pressure Array Data Point 085
    * TYXP086 - Pressure Array Data Point 086
    * TYXP087 - Pressure Array Data Point 087
    * TYXP088 - Pressure Array Data Point 088
    * TYXP089 - Pressure Array Data Point 089
    * TYXP090 - Pressure Array Data Point 090
    * TYXP091 - Pressure Array Data Point 091
    * TYXP092 - Pressure Array Data Point 092
    * TYXP093 - Pressure Array Data Point 093
    * TYXP094 - Pressure Array Data Point 094
    * TYXP095 - Pressure Array Data Point 095
    * TYXP096 - Pressure Array Data Point 096
    * TYXP097 - Pressure Array Data Point 097
    * TYXP098 - Pressure Array Data Point 098
    * TYXP099 - Pressure Array Data Point 099
    * TYXP100 - Pressure Array Data Point 100
    * TYXP101 - Pressure Array Data Point 101
    * TYXP102 - Pressure Array Data Point 102
    * TYXP103 - Pressure Array Data Point 103
    * TYXP104 - Pressure Array Data Point 104
    * TYXP105 - Pressure Array Data Point 105
    * TYXP106 - Pressure Array Data Point 106
    * TYXP107 - Pressure Array Data Point 107
    * TYXP108 - Pressure Array Data Point 108
    * TYXP109 - Pressure Array Data Point 109
    * TYXP110 - Pressure Array Data Point 110
    * TYXP111 - Pressure Array Data Point 111
    * TYXP112 - Pressure Array Data Point 112
    * TYXP113 - Pressure Array Data Point 113
    * TYXP114 - Pressure Array Data Point 114
    * TYXP115 - Pressure Array Data Point 115
    * TYXP116 - Pressure Array Data Point 116
    * TYXP117 - Pressure Array Data Point 117
    * TYXP118 - Pressure Array Data Point 118
    * TYXP119 - Pressure Array Data Point 119
    * TYXP120 - Pressure Array Data Point 120
    * TYXP121 - Pressure Array Data Point 121
    * TYXP122 - Pressure Array Data Point 122
    * TYXP123 - Pressure Array Data Point 123
    * TYXP124 - Pressure Array Data Point 124
    * TYXP125 - Pressure Array Data Point 125
    * TYXP126 - Pressure Array Data Point 126
    * TYXP127 - Pressure Array Data Point 127
    * TYXP128 - Pressure Array Data Point 128
    * TYXP129 - Pressure Array Data Point 129
    * TYXP130 - Pressure Array Data Point 130
    * TYXP131 - Pressure Array Data Point 131
    * TYXP132 - Pressure Array Data Point 132
    * TYXP133 - Pressure Array Data Point 133
    * TYXP134 - Pressure Array Data Point 134
    * TYXP135 - Pressure Array Data Point 135
    * TYXP136 - Pressure Array Data Point 136
    * TYXP137 - Pressure Array Data Point 137
    * TYXP138 - Pressure Array Data Point 138
    * TYXP139 - Pressure Array Data Point 139
    * TYXP140 - Pressure Array Data Point 140
    * TYXP141 - Pressure Array Data Point 141
    * TYXP142 - Pressure Array Data Point 142
    * TYXP143 - Pressure Array Data Point 143
    * TYXP144 - Pressure Array Data Point 144
    * TYXP145 - Pressure Array Data Point 145
    * TYXP146 - Pressure Array Data Point 146
    * TYXP147 - Pressure Array Data Point 147
    * TYXP148 - Pressure Array Data Point 148
    * TYXP149 - Pressure Array Data Point 149
    * TYXP150 - Pressure Array Data Point 150
    * TYXP151 - Pressure Array Data Point 151
    * TYXP152 - Pressure Array Data Point 152
    * TYXP153 - Pressure Array Data Point 153
    * TYXP154 - Pressure Array Data Point 154
    * TYXP155 - Pressure Array Data Point 155
    * TYXP156 - Pressure Array Data Point 156
    * TYXP157 - Pressure Array Data Point 157
    * TYXP158 - Pressure Array Data Point 158
    * TYXP159 - Pressure Array Data Point 159
    * TYXP160 - Pressure Array Data Point 160
    * TYXP161 - Pressure Array Data Point 161
    * TYXP162 - Pressure Array Data Point 162
    * TYXP163 - Pressure Array Data Point 163
    * TYXP164 - Pressure Array Data Point 164
    * TYXP165 - Pressure Array Data Point 165
    * TYXP166 - Pressure Array Data Point 166
    * TYXP167 - Pressure Array Data Point 167
    * TYXP168 - Pressure Array Data Point 168
    * TYXP169 - Pressure Array Data Point 169
    * TYXP170 - Pressure Array Data Point 170
    * TYXP171 - Pressure Array Data Point 171
    * TYXP172 - Pressure Array Data Point 172
    * TYXP173 - Pressure Array Data Point 173
    * TYXP174 - Pressure Array Data Point 174
    * TYXP175 - Pressure Array Data Point 175
    * TYXP176 - Pressure Array Data Point 176
    * TYXP177 - Pressure Array Data Point 177
    * TYXP178 - Pressure Array Data Point 178
    * TYXP179 - Pressure Array Data Point 179
    * TYXP180 - Pressure Array Data Point 180
    * TYXP181 - Pressure Array Data Point 181
    * TYXP182 - Pressure Array Data Point 182
    * TYXP183 - Pressure Array Data Point 183
    * TYXP184 - Pressure Array Data Point 184
    * TYXP185 - Pressure Array Data Point 185
    * TYXP186 - Pressure Array Data Point 186
    * TYXP187 - Pressure Array Data Point 187
    * TYXP188 - Pressure Array Data Point 188
    * TYXP189 - Pressure Array Data Point 189
    * TYXP190 - Pressure Array Data Point 190
    * TYXP191 - Pressure Array Data Point 191
    * TYXP192 - Pressure Array Data Point 192
    * TYXP193 - Pressure Array Data Point 193
    * TYXP194 - Pressure Array Data Point 194
    * TYXP195 - Pressure Array Data Point 195
    * TYXP196 - Pressure Array Data Point 196
    * TYXP197 - Pressure Array Data Point 197
    * TYXP198 - Pressure Array Data Point 198
    * TYXP199 - Pressure Array Data Point 199
    * TYXP200 - Pressure Array Data Point 200
    * TYXP201 - Pressure Array Data Point 201
    * TYXP202 - Pressure Array Data Point 202
    * TYXP203 - Pressure Array Data Point 203
    * TYXP204 - Pressure Array Data Point 204
    * TYXP205 - Pressure Array Data Point 205
    * TYXP206 - Pressure Array Data Point 206
    * TYXP207 - Pressure Array Data Point 207
    * TYXP208 - Pressure Array Data Point 208
    * TYXP209 - Pressure Array Data Point 209
    * TYXP210 - Pressure Array Data Point 210
    * TYXP211 - Pressure Array Data Point 211
    * TYXP212 - Pressure Array Data Point 212
    * TYXP213 - Pressure Array Data Point 213
    * TYXP214 - Pressure Array Data Point 214
    * TYXP215 - Pressure Array Data Point 215
    * TYXP216 - Pressure Array Data Point 216
    * TYXP217 - Pressure Array Data Point 217
    * TYXP218 - Pressure Array Data Point 218
    * TYXP219 - Pressure Array Data Point 219
    * TYXP220 - Pressure Array Data Point 220
    * TYXP221 - Pressure Array Data Point 221
    * TYXP222 - Pressure Array Data Point 222
    * TYXP223 - Pressure Array Data Point 223
    * TYXP224 - Pressure Array Data Point 224
    * TYXP225 - Pressure Array Data Point 225
    * TYXP226 - Pressure Array Data Point 226
    * TYXP227 - Pressure Array Data Point 227
    * TYXP228 - Pressure Array Data Point 228
    * TYXP229 - Pressure Array Data Point 229
    * TYXP230 - Pressure Array Data Point 230
    * TYXP231 - Pressure Array Data Point 231
    * TYXP232 - Pressure Array Data Point 232
    * TYXP233 - Pressure Array Data Point 233
    * TYXP234 - Pressure Array Data Point 234
    * TYXP235 - Pressure Array Data Point 235
    * TYXP236 - Pressure Array Data Point 236
    * TYXP237 - Pressure Array Data Point 237
    * TYXP238 - Pressure Array Data Point 238
    * TYXP239 - Pressure Array Data Point 239
    * TYXP240 - Pressure Array Data Point 240
    * TYXP241 - Pressure Array Data Point 241
    * TYXP242 - Pressure Array Data Point 242
    * TYXP243 - Pressure Array Data Point 243
    * TYXP244 - Pressure Array Data Point 244
    * TYXP245 - Pressure Array Data Point 245
    * TYXP246 - Pressure Array Data Point 246
    * TYXP247 - Pressure Array Data Point 247
    * TYXP248 - Pressure Array Data Point 248
    * TYXP249 - Pressure Array Data Point 249
    * TYXP250 - Pressure Array Data Point 250
    * TYXP251 - Pressure Array Data Point 251
    * TYXP252 - Pressure Array Data Point 252
    * TYXP253 - Pressure Array Data Point 253
    * TYXP254 - Pressure Array Data Point 254
    * TYXP255 - Pressure Array Data Point 255
    * TYXP256 - Pressure Array Data Point 256
    * TYXA001 - Admittance Array Data Point 001
    * TYXA002 - Admittance Array Data Point 002
    * TYXA003 - Admittance Array Data Point 003
    * TYXA004 - Admittance Array Data Point 004
    * TYXA005 - Admittance Array Data Point 005
    * TYXA006 - Admittance Array Data Point 006
    * TYXA007 - Admittance Array Data Point 007
    * TYXA008 - Admittance Array Data Point 008
    * TYXA009 - Admittance Array Data Point 009
    * TYXA010 - Admittance Array Data Point 010
    * TYXA011 - Admittance Array Data Point 011
    * TYXA012 - Admittance Array Data Point 012
    * TYXA013 - Admittance Array Data Point 013
    * TYXA014 - Admittance Array Data Point 014
    * TYXA015 - Admittance Array Data Point 015
    * TYXA016 - Admittance Array Data Point 016
    * TYXA017 - Admittance Array Data Point 017
    * TYXA018 - Admittance Array Data Point 018
    * TYXA019 - Admittance Array Data Point 019
    * TYXA020 - Admittance Array Data Point 020
    * TYXA021 - Admittance Array Data Point 021
    * TYXA022 - Admittance Array Data Point 022
    * TYXA023 - Admittance Array Data Point 023
    * TYXA024 - Admittance Array Data Point 024
    * TYXA025 - Admittance Array Data Point 025
    * TYXA026 - Admittance Array Data Point 026
    * TYXA027 - Admittance Array Data Point 027
    * TYXA028 - Admittance Array Data Point 028
    * TYXA029 - Admittance Array Data Point 029
    * TYXA030 - Admittance Array Data Point 030
    * TYXA031 - Admittance Array Data Point 031
    * TYXA032 - Admittance Array Data Point 032
    * TYXA033 - Admittance Array Data Point 033
    * TYXA034 - Admittance Array Data Point 034
    * TYXA035 - Admittance Array Data Point 035
    * TYXA036 - Admittance Array Data Point 036
    * TYXA037 - Admittance Array Data Point 037
    * TYXA038 - Admittance Array Data Point 038
    * TYXA039 - Admittance Array Data Point 039
    * TYXA040 - Admittance Array Data Point 040
    * TYXA041 - Admittance Array Data Point 041
    * TYXA042 - Admittance Array Data Point 042
    * TYXA043 - Admittance Array Data Point 043
    * TYXA044 - Admittance Array Data Point 044
    * TYXA045 - Admittance Array Data Point 045
    * TYXA046 - Admittance Array Data Point 046
    * TYXA047 - Admittance Array Data Point 047
    * TYXA048 - Admittance Array Data Point 048
    * TYXA049 - Admittance Array Data Point 049
    * TYXA050 - Admittance Array Data Point 050
    * TYXA051 - Admittance Array Data Point 051
    * TYXA052 - Admittance Array Data Point 052
    * TYXA053 - Admittance Array Data Point 053
    * TYXA054 - Admittance Array Data Point 054
    * TYXA055 - Admittance Array Data Point 055
    * TYXA056 - Admittance Array Data Point 056
    * TYXA057 - Admittance Array Data Point 057
    * TYXA058 - Admittance Array Data Point 058
    * TYXA059 - Admittance Array Data Point 059
    * TYXA060 - Admittance Array Data Point 060
    * TYXA061 - Admittance Array Data Point 061
    * TYXA062 - Admittance Array Data Point 062
    * TYXA063 - Admittance Array Data Point 063
    * TYXA064 - Admittance Array Data Point 064
    * TYXA065 - Admittance Array Data Point 065
    * TYXA066 - Admittance Array Data Point 066
    * TYXA067 - Admittance Array Data Point 067
    * TYXA068 - Admittance Array Data Point 068
    * TYXA069 - Admittance Array Data Point 069
    * TYXA070 - Admittance Array Data Point 070
    * TYXA071 - Admittance Array Data Point 071
    * TYXA072 - Admittance Array Data Point 072
    * TYXA073 - Admittance Array Data Point 073
    * TYXA074 - Admittance Array Data Point 074
    * TYXA075 - Admittance Array Data Point 075
    * TYXA076 - Admittance Array Data Point 076
    * TYXA077 - Admittance Array Data Point 077
    * TYXA078 - Admittance Array Data Point 078
    * TYXA079 - Admittance Array Data Point 079
    * TYXA080 - Admittance Array Data Point 080
    * TYXA081 - Admittance Array Data Point 081
    * TYXA082 - Admittance Array Data Point 082
    * TYXA083 - Admittance Array Data Point 083
    * TYXA084 - Admittance Array Data Point 084
    * TYXA085 - Admittance Array Data Point 085
    * TYXA086 - Admittance Array Data Point 086
    * TYXA087 - Admittance Array Data Point 087
    * TYXA088 - Admittance Array Data Point 088
    * TYXA089 - Admittance Array Data Point 089
    * TYXA090 - Admittance Array Data Point 090
    * TYXA091 - Admittance Array Data Point 091
    * TYXA092 - Admittance Array Data Point 092
    * TYXA093 - Admittance Array Data Point 093
    * TYXA094 - Admittance Array Data Point 094
    * TYXA095 - Admittance Array Data Point 095
    * TYXA096 - Admittance Array Data Point 096
    * TYXA097 - Admittance Array Data Point 097
    * TYXA098 - Admittance Array Data Point 098
    * TYXA099 - Admittance Array Data Point 099
    * TYXA100 - Admittance Array Data Point 100
    * TYXA101 - Admittance Array Data Point 101
    * TYXA102 - Admittance Array Data Point 102
    * TYXA103 - Admittance Array Data Point 103
    * TYXA104 - Admittance Array Data Point 104
    * TYXA105 - Admittance Array Data Point 105
    * TYXA106 - Admittance Array Data Point 106
    * TYXA107 - Admittance Array Data Point 107
    * TYXA108 - Admittance Array Data Point 108
    * TYXA109 - Admittance Array Data Point 109
    * TYXA110 - Admittance Array Data Point 110
    * TYXA111 - Admittance Array Data Point 111
    * TYXA112 - Admittance Array Data Point 112
    * TYXA113 - Admittance Array Data Point 113
    * TYXA114 - Admittance Array Data Point 114
    * TYXA115 - Admittance Array Data Point 115
    * TYXA116 - Admittance Array Data Point 116
    * TYXA117 - Admittance Array Data Point 117
    * TYXA118 - Admittance Array Data Point 118
    * TYXA119 - Admittance Array Data Point 119
    * TYXA120 - Admittance Array Data Point 120
    * TYXA121 - Admittance Array Data Point 121
    * TYXA122 - Admittance Array Data Point 122
    * TYXA123 - Admittance Array Data Point 123
    * TYXA124 - Admittance Array Data Point 124
    * TYXA125 - Admittance Array Data Point 125
    * TYXA126 - Admittance Array Data Point 126
    * TYXA127 - Admittance Array Data Point 127
    * TYXA128 - Admittance Array Data Point 128
    * TYXA129 - Admittance Array Data Point 129
    * TYXA130 - Admittance Array Data Point 130
    * TYXA131 - Admittance Array Data Point 131
    * TYXA132 - Admittance Array Data Point 132
    * TYXA133 - Admittance Array Data Point 133
    * TYXA134 - Admittance Array Data Point 134
    * TYXA135 - Admittance Array Data Point 135
    * TYXA136 - Admittance Array Data Point 136
    * TYXA137 - Admittance Array Data Point 137
    * TYXA138 - Admittance Array Data Point 138
    * TYXA139 - Admittance Array Data Point 139
    * TYXA140 - Admittance Array Data Point 140
    * TYXA141 - Admittance Array Data Point 141
    * TYXA142 - Admittance Array Data Point 142
    * TYXA143 - Admittance Array Data Point 143
    * TYXA144 - Admittance Array Data Point 144
    * TYXA145 - Admittance Array Data Point 145
    * TYXA146 - Admittance Array Data Point 146
    * TYXA147 - Admittance Array Data Point 147
    * TYXA148 - Admittance Array Data Point 148
    * TYXA149 - Admittance Array Data Point 149
    * TYXA150 - Admittance Array Data Point 150
    * TYXA151 - Admittance Array Data Point 151
    * TYXA152 - Admittance Array Data Point 152
    * TYXA153 - Admittance Array Data Point 153
    * TYXA154 - Admittance Array Data Point 154
    * TYXA155 - Admittance Array Data Point 155
    * TYXA156 - Admittance Array Data Point 156
    * TYXA157 - Admittance Array Data Point 157
    * TYXA158 - Admittance Array Data Point 158
    * TYXA159 - Admittance Array Data Point 159
    * TYXA160 - Admittance Array Data Point 160
    * TYXA161 - Admittance Array Data Point 161
    * TYXA162 - Admittance Array Data Point 162
    * TYXA163 - Admittance Array Data Point 163
    * TYXA164 - Admittance Array Data Point 164
    * TYXA165 - Admittance Array Data Point 165
    * TYXA166 - Admittance Array Data Point 166
    * TYXA167 - Admittance Array Data Point 167
    * TYXA168 - Admittance Array Data Point 168
    * TYXA169 - Admittance Array Data Point 169
    * TYXA170 - Admittance Array Data Point 170
    * TYXA171 - Admittance Array Data Point 171
    * TYXA172 - Admittance Array Data Point 172
    * TYXA173 - Admittance Array Data Point 173
    * TYXA174 - Admittance Array Data Point 174
    * TYXA175 - Admittance Array Data Point 175
    * TYXA176 - Admittance Array Data Point 176
    * TYXA177 - Admittance Array Data Point 177
    * TYXA178 - Admittance Array Data Point 178
    * TYXA179 - Admittance Array Data Point 179
    * TYXA180 - Admittance Array Data Point 180
    * TYXA181 - Admittance Array Data Point 181
    * TYXA182 - Admittance Array Data Point 182
    * TYXA183 - Admittance Array Data Point 183
    * TYXA184 - Admittance Array Data Point 184
    * TYXA185 - Admittance Array Data Point 185
    * TYXA186 - Admittance Array Data Point 186
    * TYXA187 - Admittance Array Data Point 187
    * TYXA188 - Admittance Array Data Point 188
    * TYXA189 - Admittance Array Data Point 189
    * TYXA190 - Admittance Array Data Point 190
    * TYXA191 - Admittance Array Data Point 191
    * TYXA192 - Admittance Array Data Point 192
    * TYXA193 - Admittance Array Data Point 193
    * TYXA194 - Admittance Array Data Point 194
    * TYXA195 - Admittance Array Data Point 195
    * TYXA196 - Admittance Array Data Point 196
    * TYXA197 - Admittance Array Data Point 197
    * TYXA198 - Admittance Array Data Point 198
    * TYXA199 - Admittance Array Data Point 199
    * TYXA200 - Admittance Array Data Point 200
    * TYXA201 - Admittance Array Data Point 201
    * TYXA202 - Admittance Array Data Point 202
    * TYXA203 - Admittance Array Data Point 203
    * TYXA204 - Admittance Array Data Point 204
    * TYXA205 - Admittance Array Data Point 205
    * TYXA206 - Admittance Array Data Point 206
    * TYXA207 - Admittance Array Data Point 207
    * TYXA208 - Admittance Array Data Point 208
    * TYXA209 - Admittance Array Data Point 209
    * TYXA210 - Admittance Array Data Point 210
    * TYXA211 - Admittance Array Data Point 211
    * TYXA212 - Admittance Array Data Point 212
    * TYXA213 - Admittance Array Data Point 213
    * TYXA214 - Admittance Array Data Point 214
    * TYXA215 - Admittance Array Data Point 215
    * TYXA216 - Admittance Array Data Point 216
    * TYXA217 - Admittance Array Data Point 217
    * TYXA218 - Admittance Array Data Point 218
    * TYXA219 - Admittance Array Data Point 219
    * TYXA220 - Admittance Array Data Point 220
    * TYXA221 - Admittance Array Data Point 221
    * TYXA222 - Admittance Array Data Point 222
    * TYXA223 - Admittance Array Data Point 223
    * TYXA224 - Admittance Array Data Point 224
    * TYXA225 - Admittance Array Data Point 225
    * TYXA226 - Admittance Array Data Point 226
    * TYXA227 - Admittance Array Data Point 227
    * TYXA228 - Admittance Array Data Point 228
    * TYXA229 - Admittance Array Data Point 229
    * TYXA230 - Admittance Array Data Point 230
    * TYXA231 - Admittance Array Data Point 231
    * TYXA232 - Admittance Array Data Point 232
    * TYXA233 - Admittance Array Data Point 233
    * TYXA234 - Admittance Array Data Point 234
    * TYXA235 - Admittance Array Data Point 235
    * TYXA236 - Admittance Array Data Point 236
    * TYXA237 - Admittance Array Data Point 237
    * TYXA238 - Admittance Array Data Point 238
    * TYXA239 - Admittance Array Data Point 239
    * TYXA240 - Admittance Array Data Point 240
    * TYXA241 - Admittance Array Data Point 241
    * TYXA242 - Admittance Array Data Point 242
    * TYXA243 - Admittance Array Data Point 243
    * TYXA244 - Admittance Array Data Point 244
    * TYXA245 - Admittance Array Data Point 245
    * TYXA246 - Admittance Array Data Point 246
    * TYXA247 - Admittance Array Data Point 247
    * TYXA248 - Admittance Array Data Point 248
    * TYXA249 - Admittance Array Data Point 249
    * TYXA250 - Admittance Array Data Point 250
    * TYXA251 - Admittance Array Data Point 251
    * TYXA252 - Admittance Array Data Point 252
    * TYXA253 - Admittance Array Data Point 253
    * TYXA254 - Admittance Array Data Point 254
    * TYXA255 - Admittance Array Data Point 255
    * TYXA256 - Admittance Array Data Point 256

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2017-2018 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Audiometry - Tympanometry (AUXTYM_J)

####  Data File: AUXTYM_J.xpt

##### First Published: November 2021

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

The NHANES 2017-2018 audiometry examination component includes one main
audiometry data file (AUX_J) and three middle ear testing data files. This
tympanometry data file (AUXTYM_J) is one of quantitative measurements
collected in the middle ear testing to evaluate the functional health of the
middle ear system. The tympanometry measures the compliance of the tympanic
member while different pressures are being applied to the external ear canal.
The purpose of the present data file is to provide the underlying raw data
curves for this set of tympanograms, which will allow analysts to display
actual tympanograms, make qualitative judgments regarding test adequacy and
interpretation, and to perform quantitative analyses.

## Eligible Sample

All participants aged 6-19 years and 70 years and older were eligible. There
were no precluding conditions for any part of the audiologic exam. However,
participants using hearing aids who were not able to remove them for testing
and participants who had sufficient ear pain at the time of the exam that they
could not tolerate headphones were excluded.

## Protocol and Procedure

An Interacoustics Titan (middle ear analyzer) was used to conduct three middle
ear tests: tympanometry, wideband reflectance, and acoustic reflex threshold
screening. Trained examiners performed the middle ear testing on survey
participants in a sound-isolating room in the NHANES Mobile Examination Center
(MEC). Tympanometry measures the movement of the eardrum in terms of how much
sound is delivered through the middle ear system at a single frequency (226
Hz) across a range of pressures. The tympanometry testing produced an
electronic output. The single best curve data for each ear obtained during the
testing was captured and uploaded for data processing. Please see the [NHANES
2017-2018 Audiometry Procedures
Manual](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/manuals/2018-Audiometry-
Procedures-Manual-508.pdf) for further information on the middle ear testing.

## Quality Assurance & Quality Control

The physical volume calibration of the Titan was checked daily throughout the
testing and at the start and end of each survey location. In addition, the MEC
health technicians ran a sample test on one ear to ensure that the unit is
producing clear, normal graphs. The Titan also received an exhaustive National
Institute of Standards and Technology traceable calibration check annually.

The MEC health technicians who performed the tympanometry testing were
professionally trained by a certified audiologist from the National Institute
for Occupational Safety & Health (NIOSH). The NIOSH audiologist monitored the
performance of each health technician on a regular basis and visited each MEC
at least three times per year. Additionally, NCHS project officers visited
each MEC approximately twice per year to observe the audiometry examinations
and verify that standard testing procedures were being followed. NIOSH
consultants provided the MEC health technicians with annual retraining and
protocol updates.

## Data Processing and Editing

The Titan tympanometer collected two array data (pressure array
TYXP001-TYXP256, and admittance array TYXA001-TYXA256) and summary variables
(middle ear pressure, physical volume, compliance, and tympanometric width)
for each ear (TYXPEAR 1=right ear 2=left ear). All data were automatically
captured and uploaded into the NHANES computerized database system. On a
continuous basis, a consulting audiologist performed a clinical review of all
data for each subject as it was received, checking for quality and
consistency.

The post-data collection review also included rating the quality and
classifying the type of each tympanogram. A few tympanometric summary values
for middle ear pressure, compliance, and tympanometric width from artifact
were edited to "missing," while their corresponding raw data for tympanometric
curves were included in this data file as they were collected. Tympanometric
summary variables (AUXTMEPR, AUXTMEPL, AUXTPVR, AUXTPVL, AUXTCOMR, AUXTCOML,
AUXTWIDR, and AUXTWIDL), quality rating variables (AUAREQC, and AUALEQC), and
tympanogram type variables (AUATYMTR, and AUATYMTL) are included in the
separately released data file AUX_J

## Analytic Notes

The tympanometry portion of the data file represents the raw data as it was
collected. It contains a series of 256 x-y pressure-compliance variables and
another variable (TYXPEAR) to indicate tested ear. Compliance values range
from 0.09 to 8.89 in cubic centimeters and pressure values range from -299 to
+199 daPa. One daPa is equivalent to the pressure of 1.02 mm H2O. These data
can be used to create tympanometric curves of compliance as a function of
pressure for each ear. Most participants have two curves: one for the right
ear and one for the left ear. Some participants have only one curve: either
right ear or left ear. Eligible participants who did not have a tympanometry
test on both ears are excluded from this data file.

The "Titan" tympanometer adjusted the speed at which pressure was changed
based on how quickly the eardrum compliance changed with the pressure,
resulting in a variable number of pressure-compliance measurements. Typically,
at high positive or negative pressures (near the ends of the tympanometry
curve), eardrum compliance varies little as the pressure changes; in the
portion of the curve, the equipment sampled fewer points. However, near the
tympanometric peak, compliance changes quickly with pressure changes; in this
point of the curve, the equipment sampled more points. Most NHANES 2017-2018
tympanograms contain 120-160 data points; however, tympanograms could contain
as many as 256 data points in this data file. Tympanograms with a very high
number of data points could represent any number of issues, such as very deep
peaks, multiple peaks due to noise, or difficulties obtaining the tympanogram
with involved a seal being obtained and lost several times in quick
succession.

The AUXTYM_J data format and variables are the same as the previous survey
cycle 2015-2016 (AUXTYM_I). Most participants have two records (one for the
right ear and one for the left ear). Some participants have only one record
(either one of the ears). Eligible participants who did not have tympanogram
data on both ears are excluded from this data file. The final AUXTYM_J data
file contains 5,585 observations and 514 variables.

NOTE: Demographic characteristics (for example, age and gender) are not found
on the tympanometry raw data file but are provided separately in the NHANES
2017-2018 data file (DEMO_J). To make representative estimates for the U.S.
population, the analyst must use the appropriate set of sample weights as
described in the AUX_J Documentation. Please refer to the [NHANES Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
online [NHANES
Tutorial](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/tutorials/default.aspx) for further
details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### TYXPEAR - Ear tested

Variable Name:

    TYXPEAR
SAS Label:

    Ear tested
English Text:

    The ear which was tested.
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Right Ear | 2797 | 2797 |   
2 | Left Ear | 2788 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP001 - Pressure Array Data Point 001

Variable Name:

    TYXP001
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 001
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 001
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
164 to 199 | Range of Values | 5585 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP002 - Pressure Array Data Point 002

Variable Name:

    TYXP002
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 002
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 002
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
161 to 199 | Range of Values | 5585 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP003 - Pressure Array Data Point 003

Variable Name:

    TYXP003
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 003
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 003
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
159 to 199 | Range of Values | 5585 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP004 - Pressure Array Data Point 004

Variable Name:

    TYXP004
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 004
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 004
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
150 to 199 | Range of Values | 5585 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP005 - Pressure Array Data Point 005

Variable Name:

    TYXP005
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 005
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 005
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
145 to 199 | Range of Values | 5585 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP006 - Pressure Array Data Point 006

Variable Name:

    TYXP006
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 006
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 006
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
131 to 198 | Range of Values | 5584 | 5584 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP007 - Pressure Array Data Point 007

Variable Name:

    TYXP007
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 007
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 007
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
120 to 199 | Range of Values | 5584 | 5584 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP008 - Pressure Array Data Point 008

Variable Name:

    TYXP008
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 008
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 008
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
110 to 195 | Range of Values | 5584 | 5584 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP009 - Pressure Array Data Point 009

Variable Name:

    TYXP009
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 009
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 009
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
102 to 199 | Range of Values | 5584 | 5584 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP010 - Pressure Array Data Point 010

Variable Name:

    TYXP010
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 010
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 010
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
95 to 199 | Range of Values | 5584 | 5584 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP011 - Pressure Array Data Point 011

Variable Name:

    TYXP011
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 011
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 011
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
91 to 197 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP012 - Pressure Array Data Point 012

Variable Name:

    TYXP012
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 012
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 012
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
88 to 199 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP013 - Pressure Array Data Point 013

Variable Name:

    TYXP013
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 013
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 013
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
83 to 196 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP014 - Pressure Array Data Point 014

Variable Name:

    TYXP014
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 014
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 014
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
76 to 193 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP015 - Pressure Array Data Point 015

Variable Name:

    TYXP015
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 015
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 015
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
68 to 191 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP016 - Pressure Array Data Point 016

Variable Name:

    TYXP016
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 016
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 016
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
62 to 189 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP017 - Pressure Array Data Point 017

Variable Name:

    TYXP017
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 017
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 017
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
56 to 187 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP018 - Pressure Array Data Point 018

Variable Name:

    TYXP018
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 018
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 018
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
50 to 191 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP019 - Pressure Array Data Point 019

Variable Name:

    TYXP019
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 019
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 019
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
42 to 193 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP020 - Pressure Array Data Point 020

Variable Name:

    TYXP020
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 020
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 020
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
34 to 192 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP021 - Pressure Array Data Point 021

Variable Name:

    TYXP021
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 021
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 021
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
26 to 191 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP022 - Pressure Array Data Point 022

Variable Name:

    TYXP022
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 022
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 022
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
19 to 190 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP023 - Pressure Array Data Point 023

Variable Name:

    TYXP023
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 023
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 023
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
15 to 189 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP024 - Pressure Array Data Point 024

Variable Name:

    TYXP024
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 024
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 024
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
12 to 188 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP025 - Pressure Array Data Point 025

Variable Name:

    TYXP025
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 025
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 025
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
8 to 187 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP026 - Pressure Array Data Point 026

Variable Name:

    TYXP026
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 026
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 026
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
4 to 186 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP027 - Pressure Array Data Point 027

Variable Name:

    TYXP027
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 027
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 027
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 186 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP028 - Pressure Array Data Point 028

Variable Name:

    TYXP028
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 028
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 028
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-3 to 185 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP029 - Pressure Array Data Point 029

Variable Name:

    TYXP029
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 029
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 029
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 199 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP030 - Pressure Array Data Point 030

Variable Name:

    TYXP030
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 030
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 030
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 195 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP031 - Pressure Array Data Point 031

Variable Name:

    TYXP031
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 031
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 031
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-14 to 192 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP032 - Pressure Array Data Point 032

Variable Name:

    TYXP032
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 032
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 032
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-16 to 190 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP033 - Pressure Array Data Point 033

Variable Name:

    TYXP033
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 033
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 033
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-18 to 188 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP034 - Pressure Array Data Point 034

Variable Name:

    TYXP034
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 034
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 034
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-20 to 188 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP035 - Pressure Array Data Point 035

Variable Name:

    TYXP035
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 035
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 035
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-21 to 188 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP036 - Pressure Array Data Point 036

Variable Name:

    TYXP036
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 036
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 036
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-24 to 190 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP037 - Pressure Array Data Point 037

Variable Name:

    TYXP037
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 037
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 037
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-26 to 191 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP038 - Pressure Array Data Point 038

Variable Name:

    TYXP038
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 038
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 038
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-29 to 192 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP039 - Pressure Array Data Point 039

Variable Name:

    TYXP039
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 039
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 039
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-31 to 191 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP040 - Pressure Array Data Point 040

Variable Name:

    TYXP040
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 040
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 040
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-33 to 190 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP041 - Pressure Array Data Point 041

Variable Name:

    TYXP041
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 041
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 041
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-35 to 191 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP042 - Pressure Array Data Point 042

Variable Name:

    TYXP042
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 042
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 042
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-37 to 191 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP043 - Pressure Array Data Point 043

Variable Name:

    TYXP043
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 043
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 043
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-39 to 193 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP044 - Pressure Array Data Point 044

Variable Name:

    TYXP044
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 044
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 044
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-45 to 192 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP045 - Pressure Array Data Point 045

Variable Name:

    TYXP045
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 045
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 045
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-51 to 191 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP046 - Pressure Array Data Point 046

Variable Name:

    TYXP046
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 046
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 046
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-57 to 197 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP047 - Pressure Array Data Point 047

Variable Name:

    TYXP047
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 047
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 047
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-63 to 191 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP048 - Pressure Array Data Point 048

Variable Name:

    TYXP048
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 048
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 048
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-68 to 190 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP049 - Pressure Array Data Point 049

Variable Name:

    TYXP049
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 049
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 049
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-74 to 189 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP050 - Pressure Array Data Point 050

Variable Name:

    TYXP050
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 050
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 050
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-80 to 188 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP051 - Pressure Array Data Point 051

Variable Name:

    TYXP051
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 051
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 051
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-86 to 186 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP052 - Pressure Array Data Point 052

Variable Name:

    TYXP052
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 052
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 052
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-92 to 185 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP053 - Pressure Array Data Point 053

Variable Name:

    TYXP053
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 053
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 053
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-98 to 182 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP054 - Pressure Array Data Point 054

Variable Name:

    TYXP054
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 054
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 054
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-104 to 181 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP055 - Pressure Array Data Point 055

Variable Name:

    TYXP055
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 055
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 055
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-109 to 180 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP056 - Pressure Array Data Point 056

Variable Name:

    TYXP056
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 056
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 056
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-114 to 178 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP057 - Pressure Array Data Point 057

Variable Name:

    TYXP057
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 057
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 057
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-120 to 177 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP058 - Pressure Array Data Point 058

Variable Name:

    TYXP058
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 058
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 058
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-127 to 175 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP059 - Pressure Array Data Point 059

Variable Name:

    TYXP059
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 059
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 059
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-133 to 181 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP060 - Pressure Array Data Point 060

Variable Name:

    TYXP060
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 060
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 060
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-139 to 180 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP061 - Pressure Array Data Point 061

Variable Name:

    TYXP061
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 061
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 061
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-145 to 179 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP062 - Pressure Array Data Point 062

Variable Name:

    TYXP062
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 062
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 062
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-150 to 176 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP063 - Pressure Array Data Point 063

Variable Name:

    TYXP063
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 063
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 063
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-156 to 173 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP064 - Pressure Array Data Point 064

Variable Name:

    TYXP064
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 064
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 064
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-162 to 169 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP065 - Pressure Array Data Point 065

Variable Name:

    TYXP065
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 065
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 065
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-168 to 164 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP066 - Pressure Array Data Point 066

Variable Name:

    TYXP066
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 066
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 066
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-173 to 161 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP067 - Pressure Array Data Point 067

Variable Name:

    TYXP067
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 067
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 067
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-179 to 160 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP068 - Pressure Array Data Point 068

Variable Name:

    TYXP068
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 068
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 068
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-185 to 158 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP069 - Pressure Array Data Point 069

Variable Name:

    TYXP069
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 069
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 069
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-190 to 159 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP070 - Pressure Array Data Point 070

Variable Name:

    TYXP070
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 070
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 070
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-195 to 158 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP071 - Pressure Array Data Point 071

Variable Name:

    TYXP071
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 071
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 071
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-202 to 157 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP072 - Pressure Array Data Point 072

Variable Name:

    TYXP072
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 072
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 072
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-209 to 156 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP073 - Pressure Array Data Point 073

Variable Name:

    TYXP073
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 073
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 073
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-214 to 155 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP074 - Pressure Array Data Point 074

Variable Name:

    TYXP074
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 074
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 074
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-220 to 156 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP075 - Pressure Array Data Point 075

Variable Name:

    TYXP075
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 075
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 075
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-225 to 155 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP076 - Pressure Array Data Point 076

Variable Name:

    TYXP076
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 076
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 076
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-230 to 153 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP077 - Pressure Array Data Point 077

Variable Name:

    TYXP077
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 077
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 077
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-236 to 150 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP078 - Pressure Array Data Point 078

Variable Name:

    TYXP078
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 078
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 078
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-242 to 149 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP079 - Pressure Array Data Point 079

Variable Name:

    TYXP079
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 079
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 079
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-249 to 148 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP080 - Pressure Array Data Point 080

Variable Name:

    TYXP080
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 080
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 080
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-254 to 147 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP081 - Pressure Array Data Point 081

Variable Name:

    TYXP081
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 081
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 081
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-259 to 146 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP082 - Pressure Array Data Point 082

Variable Name:

    TYXP082
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 082
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 082
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-265 to 145 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP083 - Pressure Array Data Point 083

Variable Name:

    TYXP083
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 083
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 083
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-271 to 143 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP084 - Pressure Array Data Point 084

Variable Name:

    TYXP084
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 084
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 084
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-277 to 142 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP085 - Pressure Array Data Point 085

Variable Name:

    TYXP085
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 085
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 085
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-283 to 140 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP086 - Pressure Array Data Point 086

Variable Name:

    TYXP086
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 086
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 086
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-275 to 139 | Range of Values | 5574 | 5574 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP087 - Pressure Array Data Point 087

Variable Name:

    TYXP087
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 087
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 087
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-280 to 137 | Range of Values | 5574 | 5574 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP088 - Pressure Array Data Point 088

Variable Name:

    TYXP088
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 088
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 088
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-286 to 135 | Range of Values | 5574 | 5574 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP089 - Pressure Array Data Point 089

Variable Name:

    TYXP089
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 089
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 089
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-292 to 133 | Range of Values | 5574 | 5574 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP090 - Pressure Array Data Point 090

Variable Name:

    TYXP090
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 090
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 090
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 138 | Range of Values | 5574 | 5574 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP091 - Pressure Array Data Point 091

Variable Name:

    TYXP091
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 091
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 091
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-277 to 137 | Range of Values | 5570 | 5570 |   
. | Missing | 15 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP092 - Pressure Array Data Point 092

Variable Name:

    TYXP092
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 092
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 092
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-282 to 136 | Range of Values | 5570 | 5570 |   
. | Missing | 15 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP093 - Pressure Array Data Point 093

Variable Name:

    TYXP093
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 093
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 093
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-287 to 135 | Range of Values | 5570 | 5570 |   
. | Missing | 15 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP094 - Pressure Array Data Point 094

Variable Name:

    TYXP094
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 094
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 094
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 134 | Range of Values | 5570 | 5570 |   
. | Missing | 15 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP095 - Pressure Array Data Point 095

Variable Name:

    TYXP095
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 095
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 095
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 133 | Range of Values | 5570 | 5570 |   
. | Missing | 15 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP096 - Pressure Array Data Point 096

Variable Name:

    TYXP096
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 096
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 096
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-269 to 132 | Range of Values | 5567 | 5567 |   
. | Missing | 18 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP097 - Pressure Array Data Point 097

Variable Name:

    TYXP097
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 097
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 097
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-273 to 131 | Range of Values | 5567 | 5567 |   
. | Missing | 18 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP098 - Pressure Array Data Point 098

Variable Name:

    TYXP098
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 098
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 098
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-278 to 130 | Range of Values | 5567 | 5567 |   
. | Missing | 18 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP099 - Pressure Array Data Point 099

Variable Name:

    TYXP099
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 099
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 099
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-283 to 129 | Range of Values | 5567 | 5567 |   
. | Missing | 18 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP100 - Pressure Array Data Point 100

Variable Name:

    TYXP100
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 100
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 100
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-288 to 195 | Range of Values | 5567 | 5567 |   
. | Missing | 18 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP101 - Pressure Array Data Point 101

Variable Name:

    TYXP101
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 101
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 101
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-280 to 188 | Range of Values | 5562 | 5562 |   
. | Missing | 23 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP102 - Pressure Array Data Point 102

Variable Name:

    TYXP102
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 102
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 102
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-285 to 181 | Range of Values | 5562 | 5562 |   
. | Missing | 23 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP103 - Pressure Array Data Point 103

Variable Name:

    TYXP103
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 103
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 103
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-289 to 174 | Range of Values | 5562 | 5562 |   
. | Missing | 23 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP104 - Pressure Array Data Point 104

Variable Name:

    TYXP104
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 104
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 104
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-294 to 165 | Range of Values | 5562 | 5562 |   
. | Missing | 23 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP105 - Pressure Array Data Point 105

Variable Name:

    TYXP105
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 105
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 105
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 155 | Range of Values | 5562 | 5562 |   
. | Missing | 23 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP106 - Pressure Array Data Point 106

Variable Name:

    TYXP106
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 106
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 106
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-281 to 144 | Range of Values | 5539 | 5539 |   
. | Missing | 46 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP107 - Pressure Array Data Point 107

Variable Name:

    TYXP107
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 107
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 107
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-286 to 130 | Range of Values | 5539 | 5539 |   
. | Missing | 46 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP108 - Pressure Array Data Point 108

Variable Name:

    TYXP108
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 108
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 108
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-291 to 127 | Range of Values | 5539 | 5539 |   
. | Missing | 46 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP109 - Pressure Array Data Point 109

Variable Name:

    TYXP109
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 109
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 109
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 125 | Range of Values | 5539 | 5539 |   
. | Missing | 46 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP110 - Pressure Array Data Point 110

Variable Name:

    TYXP110
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 110
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 110
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 124 | Range of Values | 5539 | 5539 |   
. | Missing | 46 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP111 - Pressure Array Data Point 111

Variable Name:

    TYXP111
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 111
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 111
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-282 to 123 | Range of Values | 5486 | 5486 |   
. | Missing | 99 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP112 - Pressure Array Data Point 112

Variable Name:

    TYXP112
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 112
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 112
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-286 to 122 | Range of Values | 5486 | 5486 |   
. | Missing | 99 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP113 - Pressure Array Data Point 113

Variable Name:

    TYXP113
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 113
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 113
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-291 to 121 | Range of Values | 5486 | 5486 |   
. | Missing | 99 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP114 - Pressure Array Data Point 114

Variable Name:

    TYXP114
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 114
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 114
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 120 | Range of Values | 5486 | 5486 |   
. | Missing | 99 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP115 - Pressure Array Data Point 115

Variable Name:

    TYXP115
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 115
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 115
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 118 | Range of Values | 5486 | 5486 |   
. | Missing | 99 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP116 - Pressure Array Data Point 116

Variable Name:

    TYXP116
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 116
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 116
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-285 to 115 | Range of Values | 5390 | 5390 |   
. | Missing | 195 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP117 - Pressure Array Data Point 117

Variable Name:

    TYXP117
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 117
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 117
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-288 to 110 | Range of Values | 5390 | 5390 |   
. | Missing | 195 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP118 - Pressure Array Data Point 118

Variable Name:

    TYXP118
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 118
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 118
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-291 to 106 | Range of Values | 5390 | 5390 |   
. | Missing | 195 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP119 - Pressure Array Data Point 119

Variable Name:

    TYXP119
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 119
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 119
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 101 | Range of Values | 5390 | 5390 |   
. | Missing | 195 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP120 - Pressure Array Data Point 120

Variable Name:

    TYXP120
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 120
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 120
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 94 | Range of Values | 5390 | 5390 |   
. | Missing | 195 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP121 - Pressure Array Data Point 121

Variable Name:

    TYXP121
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 121
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 121
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-294 to 88 | Range of Values | 5245 | 5245 |   
. | Missing | 340 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP122 - Pressure Array Data Point 122

Variable Name:

    TYXP122
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 122
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 122
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 81 | Range of Values | 5245 | 5245 |   
. | Missing | 340 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP123 - Pressure Array Data Point 123

Variable Name:

    TYXP123
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 123
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 123
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 76 | Range of Values | 5245 | 5245 |   
. | Missing | 340 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP124 - Pressure Array Data Point 124

Variable Name:

    TYXP124
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 124
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 124
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 73 | Range of Values | 5245 | 5245 |   
. | Missing | 340 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP125 - Pressure Array Data Point 125

Variable Name:

    TYXP125
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 125
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 125
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 69 | Range of Values | 5245 | 5245 |   
. | Missing | 340 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP126 - Pressure Array Data Point 126

Variable Name:

    TYXP126
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 126
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 126
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-289 to 66 | Range of Values | 5006 | 5006 |   
. | Missing | 579 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP127 - Pressure Array Data Point 127

Variable Name:

    TYXP127
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 127
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 127
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-291 to 63 | Range of Values | 5006 | 5006 |   
. | Missing | 579 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP128 - Pressure Array Data Point 128

Variable Name:

    TYXP128
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 128
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 128
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 82 | Range of Values | 5006 | 5006 |   
. | Missing | 579 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP129 - Pressure Array Data Point 129

Variable Name:

    TYXP129
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 129
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 129
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 80 | Range of Values | 5006 | 5006 |   
. | Missing | 579 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP130 - Pressure Array Data Point 130

Variable Name:

    TYXP130
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 130
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 130
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 79 | Range of Values | 5006 | 5006 |   
. | Missing | 579 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP131 - Pressure Array Data Point 131

Variable Name:

    TYXP131
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 131
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 131
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-288 to 75 | Range of Values | 4683 | 4683 |   
. | Missing | 902 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP132 - Pressure Array Data Point 132

Variable Name:

    TYXP132
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 132
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 132
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-291 to 72 | Range of Values | 4683 | 4683 |   
. | Missing | 902 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP133 - Pressure Array Data Point 133

Variable Name:

    TYXP133
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 133
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 133
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 68 | Range of Values | 4683 | 4683 |   
. | Missing | 902 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP134 - Pressure Array Data Point 134

Variable Name:

    TYXP134
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 134
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 134
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 65 | Range of Values | 4683 | 4683 |   
. | Missing | 902 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP135 - Pressure Array Data Point 135

Variable Name:

    TYXP135
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 135
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 135
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 62 | Range of Values | 4683 | 4683 |   
. | Missing | 902 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP136 - Pressure Array Data Point 136

Variable Name:

    TYXP136
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 136
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 136
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 61 | Range of Values | 4315 | 4315 |   
. | Missing | 1270 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP137 - Pressure Array Data Point 137

Variable Name:

    TYXP137
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 137
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 137
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-294 to 101 | Range of Values | 4315 | 4315 |   
. | Missing | 1270 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP138 - Pressure Array Data Point 138

Variable Name:

    TYXP138
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 138
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 138
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 103 | Range of Values | 4315 | 4315 |   
. | Missing | 1270 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP139 - Pressure Array Data Point 139

Variable Name:

    TYXP139
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 139
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 139
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 105 | Range of Values | 4315 | 4315 |   
. | Missing | 1270 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP140 - Pressure Array Data Point 140

Variable Name:

    TYXP140
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 140
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 140
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 104 | Range of Values | 4315 | 4315 |   
. | Missing | 1270 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP141 - Pressure Array Data Point 141

Variable Name:

    TYXP141
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 141
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 141
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-294 to 103 | Range of Values | 3880 | 3880 |   
. | Missing | 1705 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP142 - Pressure Array Data Point 142

Variable Name:

    TYXP142
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 142
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 142
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 102 | Range of Values | 3880 | 3880 |   
. | Missing | 1705 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP143 - Pressure Array Data Point 143

Variable Name:

    TYXP143
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 143
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 143
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 102 | Range of Values | 3880 | 3880 |   
. | Missing | 1705 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP144 - Pressure Array Data Point 144

Variable Name:

    TYXP144
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 144
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 144
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 112 | Range of Values | 3880 | 3880 |   
. | Missing | 1705 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP145 - Pressure Array Data Point 145

Variable Name:

    TYXP145
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 145
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 145
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 111 | Range of Values | 3880 | 3880 |   
. | Missing | 1705 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP146 - Pressure Array Data Point 146

Variable Name:

    TYXP146
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 146
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 146
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 110 | Range of Values | 3432 | 3432 |   
. | Missing | 2153 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP147 - Pressure Array Data Point 147

Variable Name:

    TYXP147
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 147
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 147
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 108 | Range of Values | 3432 | 3432 |   
. | Missing | 2153 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP148 - Pressure Array Data Point 148

Variable Name:

    TYXP148
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 148
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 148
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 195 | Range of Values | 3432 | 3432 |   
. | Missing | 2153 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP149 - Pressure Array Data Point 149

Variable Name:

    TYXP149
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 149
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 149
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 172 | Range of Values | 3432 | 3432 |   
. | Missing | 2153 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP150 - Pressure Array Data Point 150

Variable Name:

    TYXP150
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 150
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 150
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 148 | Range of Values | 3432 | 3432 |   
. | Missing | 2153 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP151 - Pressure Array Data Point 151

Variable Name:

    TYXP151
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 151
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 151
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-291 to 122 | Range of Values | 2986 | 2986 |   
. | Missing | 2599 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP152 - Pressure Array Data Point 152

Variable Name:

    TYXP152
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 152
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 152
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 117 | Range of Values | 2986 | 2986 |   
. | Missing | 2599 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP153 - Pressure Array Data Point 153

Variable Name:

    TYXP153
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 153
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 153
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 123 | Range of Values | 2986 | 2986 |   
. | Missing | 2599 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP154 - Pressure Array Data Point 154

Variable Name:

    TYXP154
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 154
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 154
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 123 | Range of Values | 2986 | 2986 |   
. | Missing | 2599 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP155 - Pressure Array Data Point 155

Variable Name:

    TYXP155
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 155
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 155
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 122 | Range of Values | 2986 | 2986 |   
. | Missing | 2599 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP156 - Pressure Array Data Point 156

Variable Name:

    TYXP156
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 156
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 156
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-289 to 195 | Range of Values | 2527 | 2527 |   
. | Missing | 3058 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP157 - Pressure Array Data Point 157

Variable Name:

    TYXP157
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 157
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 157
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-292 to 192 | Range of Values | 2527 | 2527 |   
. | Missing | 3058 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP158 - Pressure Array Data Point 158

Variable Name:

    TYXP158
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 158
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 158
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 191 | Range of Values | 2527 | 2527 |   
. | Missing | 3058 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP159 - Pressure Array Data Point 159

Variable Name:

    TYXP159
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 159
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 159
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 193 | Range of Values | 2527 | 2527 |   
. | Missing | 3058 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP160 - Pressure Array Data Point 160

Variable Name:

    TYXP160
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 160
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 160
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 192 | Range of Values | 2527 | 2527 |   
. | Missing | 3058 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP161 - Pressure Array Data Point 161

Variable Name:

    TYXP161
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 161
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 161
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 190 | Range of Values | 2083 | 2083 |   
. | Missing | 3502 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP162 - Pressure Array Data Point 162

Variable Name:

    TYXP162
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 162
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 162
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 187 | Range of Values | 2083 | 2083 |   
. | Missing | 3502 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP163 - Pressure Array Data Point 163

Variable Name:

    TYXP163
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 163
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 163
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 185 | Range of Values | 2083 | 2083 |   
. | Missing | 3502 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP164 - Pressure Array Data Point 164

Variable Name:

    TYXP164
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 164
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 164
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 182 | Range of Values | 2083 | 2083 |   
. | Missing | 3502 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP165 - Pressure Array Data Point 165

Variable Name:

    TYXP165
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 165
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 165
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 180 | Range of Values | 2083 | 2083 |   
. | Missing | 3502 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP166 - Pressure Array Data Point 166

Variable Name:

    TYXP166
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 166
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 166
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 179 | Range of Values | 1708 | 1708 |   
. | Missing | 3877 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP167 - Pressure Array Data Point 167

Variable Name:

    TYXP167
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 167
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 167
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 177 | Range of Values | 1708 | 1708 |   
. | Missing | 3877 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP168 - Pressure Array Data Point 168

Variable Name:

    TYXP168
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 168
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 168
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 176 | Range of Values | 1708 | 1708 |   
. | Missing | 3877 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP169 - Pressure Array Data Point 169

Variable Name:

    TYXP169
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 169
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 169
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 174 | Range of Values | 1708 | 1708 |   
. | Missing | 3877 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP170 - Pressure Array Data Point 170

Variable Name:

    TYXP170
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 170
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 170
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 173 | Range of Values | 1708 | 1708 |   
. | Missing | 3877 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP171 - Pressure Array Data Point 171

Variable Name:

    TYXP171
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 171
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 171
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 171 | Range of Values | 1350 | 1350 |   
. | Missing | 4235 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP172 - Pressure Array Data Point 172

Variable Name:

    TYXP172
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 172
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 172
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-294 to 169 | Range of Values | 1350 | 1350 |   
. | Missing | 4235 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP173 - Pressure Array Data Point 173

Variable Name:

    TYXP173
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 173
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 173
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 168 | Range of Values | 1350 | 1350 |   
. | Missing | 4235 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP174 - Pressure Array Data Point 174

Variable Name:

    TYXP174
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 174
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 174
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 166 | Range of Values | 1350 | 1350 |   
. | Missing | 4235 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP175 - Pressure Array Data Point 175

Variable Name:

    TYXP175
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 175
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 175
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 165 | Range of Values | 1350 | 1350 |   
. | Missing | 4235 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP176 - Pressure Array Data Point 176

Variable Name:

    TYXP176
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 176
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 176
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 166 | Range of Values | 1084 | 1084 |   
. | Missing | 4501 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP177 - Pressure Array Data Point 177

Variable Name:

    TYXP177
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 177
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 177
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 165 | Range of Values | 1084 | 1084 |   
. | Missing | 4501 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP178 - Pressure Array Data Point 178

Variable Name:

    TYXP178
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 178
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 178
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 164 | Range of Values | 1084 | 1084 |   
. | Missing | 4501 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP179 - Pressure Array Data Point 179

Variable Name:

    TYXP179
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 179
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 179
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 163 | Range of Values | 1084 | 1084 |   
. | Missing | 4501 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP180 - Pressure Array Data Point 180

Variable Name:

    TYXP180
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 180
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 180
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 161 | Range of Values | 1084 | 1084 |   
. | Missing | 4501 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP181 - Pressure Array Data Point 181

Variable Name:

    TYXP181
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 181
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 181
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-292 to 159 | Range of Values | 866 | 866 |   
. | Missing | 4719 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP182 - Pressure Array Data Point 182

Variable Name:

    TYXP182
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 182
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 182
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-294 to 157 | Range of Values | 866 | 866 |   
. | Missing | 4719 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP183 - Pressure Array Data Point 183

Variable Name:

    TYXP183
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 183
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 183
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 155 | Range of Values | 866 | 866 |   
. | Missing | 4719 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP184 - Pressure Array Data Point 184

Variable Name:

    TYXP184
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 184
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 184
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 151 | Range of Values | 866 | 866 |   
. | Missing | 4719 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP185 - Pressure Array Data Point 185

Variable Name:

    TYXP185
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 185
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 185
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 147 | Range of Values | 866 | 866 |   
. | Missing | 4719 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP186 - Pressure Array Data Point 186

Variable Name:

    TYXP186
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 186
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 186
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 145 | Range of Values | 679 | 679 |   
. | Missing | 4906 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP187 - Pressure Array Data Point 187

Variable Name:

    TYXP187
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 187
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 187
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 142 | Range of Values | 679 | 679 |   
. | Missing | 4906 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP188 - Pressure Array Data Point 188

Variable Name:

    TYXP188
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 188
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 188
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 140 | Range of Values | 679 | 679 |   
. | Missing | 4906 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP189 - Pressure Array Data Point 189

Variable Name:

    TYXP189
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 189
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 189
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 137 | Range of Values | 679 | 679 |   
. | Missing | 4906 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP190 - Pressure Array Data Point 190

Variable Name:

    TYXP190
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 190
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 190
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 136 | Range of Values | 679 | 679 |   
. | Missing | 4906 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP191 - Pressure Array Data Point 191

Variable Name:

    TYXP191
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 191
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 191
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 134 | Range of Values | 539 | 539 |   
. | Missing | 5046 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP192 - Pressure Array Data Point 192

Variable Name:

    TYXP192
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 192
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 192
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 131 | Range of Values | 539 | 539 |   
. | Missing | 5046 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP193 - Pressure Array Data Point 193

Variable Name:

    TYXP193
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 193
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 193
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 128 | Range of Values | 539 | 539 |   
. | Missing | 5046 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP194 - Pressure Array Data Point 194

Variable Name:

    TYXP194
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 194
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 194
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 125 | Range of Values | 539 | 539 |   
. | Missing | 5046 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP195 - Pressure Array Data Point 195

Variable Name:

    TYXP195
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 195
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 195
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 120 | Range of Values | 539 | 539 |   
. | Missing | 5046 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP196 - Pressure Array Data Point 196

Variable Name:

    TYXP196
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 196
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 196
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-294 to 118 | Range of Values | 427 | 427 |   
. | Missing | 5158 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP197 - Pressure Array Data Point 197

Variable Name:

    TYXP197
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 197
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 197
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 115 | Range of Values | 427 | 427 |   
. | Missing | 5158 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP198 - Pressure Array Data Point 198

Variable Name:

    TYXP198
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 198
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 198
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 112 | Range of Values | 427 | 427 |   
. | Missing | 5158 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP199 - Pressure Array Data Point 199

Variable Name:

    TYXP199
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 199
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 199
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 109 | Range of Values | 427 | 427 |   
. | Missing | 5158 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP200 - Pressure Array Data Point 200

Variable Name:

    TYXP200
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 200
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 200
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 107 | Range of Values | 427 | 427 |   
. | Missing | 5158 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP201 - Pressure Array Data Point 201

Variable Name:

    TYXP201
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 201
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 201
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 106 | Range of Values | 354 | 354 |   
. | Missing | 5231 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP202 - Pressure Array Data Point 202

Variable Name:

    TYXP202
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 202
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 202
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 103 | Range of Values | 354 | 354 |   
. | Missing | 5231 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP203 - Pressure Array Data Point 203

Variable Name:

    TYXP203
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 203
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 203
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 102 | Range of Values | 354 | 354 |   
. | Missing | 5231 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP204 - Pressure Array Data Point 204

Variable Name:

    TYXP204
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 204
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 204
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 100 | Range of Values | 354 | 354 |   
. | Missing | 5231 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP205 - Pressure Array Data Point 205

Variable Name:

    TYXP205
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 205
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 205
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 98 | Range of Values | 354 | 354 |   
. | Missing | 5231 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP206 - Pressure Array Data Point 206

Variable Name:

    TYXP206
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 206
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 206
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 97 | Range of Values | 297 | 297 |   
. | Missing | 5288 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP207 - Pressure Array Data Point 207

Variable Name:

    TYXP207
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 207
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 207
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 95 | Range of Values | 297 | 297 |   
. | Missing | 5288 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP208 - Pressure Array Data Point 208

Variable Name:

    TYXP208
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 208
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 208
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 97 | Range of Values | 297 | 297 |   
. | Missing | 5288 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP209 - Pressure Array Data Point 209

Variable Name:

    TYXP209
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 209
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 209
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 96 | Range of Values | 297 | 297 |   
. | Missing | 5288 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP210 - Pressure Array Data Point 210

Variable Name:

    TYXP210
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 210
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 210
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 132 | Range of Values | 297 | 297 |   
. | Missing | 5288 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP211 - Pressure Array Data Point 211

Variable Name:

    TYXP211
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 211
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 211
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-293 to 169 | Range of Values | 234 | 234 |   
. | Missing | 5351 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP212 - Pressure Array Data Point 212

Variable Name:

    TYXP212
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 212
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 212
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 188 | Range of Values | 234 | 234 |   
. | Missing | 5351 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP213 - Pressure Array Data Point 213

Variable Name:

    TYXP213
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 213
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 213
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 187 | Range of Values | 234 | 234 |   
. | Missing | 5351 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP214 - Pressure Array Data Point 214

Variable Name:

    TYXP214
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 214
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 214
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 185 | Range of Values | 234 | 234 |   
. | Missing | 5351 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP215 - Pressure Array Data Point 215

Variable Name:

    TYXP215
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 215
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 215
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 183 | Range of Values | 234 | 234 |   
. | Missing | 5351 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP216 - Pressure Array Data Point 216

Variable Name:

    TYXP216
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 216
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 216
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 180 | Range of Values | 191 | 191 |   
. | Missing | 5394 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP217 - Pressure Array Data Point 217

Variable Name:

    TYXP217
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 217
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 217
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 177 | Range of Values | 191 | 191 |   
. | Missing | 5394 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP218 - Pressure Array Data Point 218

Variable Name:

    TYXP218
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 218
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 218
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 175 | Range of Values | 191 | 191 |   
. | Missing | 5394 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP219 - Pressure Array Data Point 219

Variable Name:

    TYXP219
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 219
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 219
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 173 | Range of Values | 191 | 191 |   
. | Missing | 5394 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP220 - Pressure Array Data Point 220

Variable Name:

    TYXP220
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 220
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 220
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 169 | Range of Values | 191 | 191 |   
. | Missing | 5394 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP221 - Pressure Array Data Point 221

Variable Name:

    TYXP221
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 221
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 221
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 167 | Range of Values | 161 | 161 |   
. | Missing | 5424 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP222 - Pressure Array Data Point 222

Variable Name:

    TYXP222
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 222
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 222
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 164 | Range of Values | 161 | 161 |   
. | Missing | 5424 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP223 - Pressure Array Data Point 223

Variable Name:

    TYXP223
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 223
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 223
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 163 | Range of Values | 161 | 161 |   
. | Missing | 5424 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP224 - Pressure Array Data Point 224

Variable Name:

    TYXP224
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 224
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 224
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 165 | Range of Values | 161 | 161 |   
. | Missing | 5424 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP225 - Pressure Array Data Point 225

Variable Name:

    TYXP225
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 225
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 225
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 164 | Range of Values | 161 | 161 |   
. | Missing | 5424 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP226 - Pressure Array Data Point 226

Variable Name:

    TYXP226
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 226
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 226
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 162 | Range of Values | 145 | 145 |   
. | Missing | 5440 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP227 - Pressure Array Data Point 227

Variable Name:

    TYXP227
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 227
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 227
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 159 | Range of Values | 145 | 145 |   
. | Missing | 5440 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP228 - Pressure Array Data Point 228

Variable Name:

    TYXP228
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 228
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 228
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 156 | Range of Values | 145 | 145 |   
. | Missing | 5440 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP229 - Pressure Array Data Point 229

Variable Name:

    TYXP229
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 229
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 229
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 153 | Range of Values | 145 | 145 |   
. | Missing | 5440 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP230 - Pressure Array Data Point 230

Variable Name:

    TYXP230
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 230
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 230
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 149 | Range of Values | 145 | 145 |   
. | Missing | 5440 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP231 - Pressure Array Data Point 231

Variable Name:

    TYXP231
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 231
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 231
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 146 | Range of Values | 119 | 119 |   
. | Missing | 5466 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP232 - Pressure Array Data Point 232

Variable Name:

    TYXP232
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 232
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 232
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 143 | Range of Values | 119 | 119 |   
. | Missing | 5466 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP233 - Pressure Array Data Point 233

Variable Name:

    TYXP233
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 233
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 233
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 141 | Range of Values | 119 | 119 |   
. | Missing | 5466 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP234 - Pressure Array Data Point 234

Variable Name:

    TYXP234
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 234
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 234
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 138 | Range of Values | 119 | 119 |   
. | Missing | 5466 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP235 - Pressure Array Data Point 235

Variable Name:

    TYXP235
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 235
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 235
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 136 | Range of Values | 119 | 119 |   
. | Missing | 5466 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP236 - Pressure Array Data Point 236

Variable Name:

    TYXP236
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 236
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 236
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-295 to 135 | Range of Values | 103 | 103 |   
. | Missing | 5482 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP237 - Pressure Array Data Point 237

Variable Name:

    TYXP237
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 237
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 237
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 134 | Range of Values | 103 | 103 |   
. | Missing | 5482 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP238 - Pressure Array Data Point 238

Variable Name:

    TYXP238
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 238
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 238
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 133 | Range of Values | 103 | 103 |   
. | Missing | 5482 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP239 - Pressure Array Data Point 239

Variable Name:

    TYXP239
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 239
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 239
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 132 | Range of Values | 103 | 103 |   
. | Missing | 5482 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP240 - Pressure Array Data Point 240

Variable Name:

    TYXP240
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 240
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 240
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 132 | Range of Values | 103 | 103 |   
. | Missing | 5482 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP241 - Pressure Array Data Point 241

Variable Name:

    TYXP241
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 241
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 241
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-296 to 134 | Range of Values | 95 | 95 |   
. | Missing | 5490 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP242 - Pressure Array Data Point 242

Variable Name:

    TYXP242
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 242
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 242
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 135 | Range of Values | 95 | 95 |   
. | Missing | 5490 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP243 - Pressure Array Data Point 243

Variable Name:

    TYXP243
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 243
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 243
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 136 | Range of Values | 95 | 95 |   
. | Missing | 5490 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP244 - Pressure Array Data Point 244

Variable Name:

    TYXP244
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 244
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 244
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 136 | Range of Values | 95 | 95 |   
. | Missing | 5490 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP245 - Pressure Array Data Point 245

Variable Name:

    TYXP245
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 245
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 245
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 135 | Range of Values | 95 | 95 |   
. | Missing | 5490 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP246 - Pressure Array Data Point 246

Variable Name:

    TYXP246
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 246
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 246
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-297 to 143 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 5508 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP247 - Pressure Array Data Point 247

Variable Name:

    TYXP247
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 247
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 247
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 142 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 5508 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP248 - Pressure Array Data Point 248

Variable Name:

    TYXP248
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 248
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 248
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 151 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 5508 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP249 - Pressure Array Data Point 249

Variable Name:

    TYXP249
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 249
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 249
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 151 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 5508 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP250 - Pressure Array Data Point 250

Variable Name:

    TYXP250
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 250
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 250
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 151 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 5508 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP251 - Pressure Array Data Point 251

Variable Name:

    TYXP251
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 251
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 251
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 150 | Range of Values | 72 | 72 |   
. | Missing | 5513 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP252 - Pressure Array Data Point 252

Variable Name:

    TYXP252
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 252
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 252
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 154 | Range of Values | 72 | 72 |   
. | Missing | 5513 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP253 - Pressure Array Data Point 253

Variable Name:

    TYXP253
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 253
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 253
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 153 | Range of Values | 72 | 72 |   
. | Missing | 5513 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP254 - Pressure Array Data Point 254

Variable Name:

    TYXP254
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 254
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 254
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 152 | Range of Values | 72 | 72 |   
. | Missing | 5513 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP255 - Pressure Array Data Point 255

Variable Name:

    TYXP255
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 255
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 255
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-299 to 151 | Range of Values | 72 | 72 |   
. | Missing | 5513 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXP256 - Pressure Array Data Point 256

Variable Name:

    TYXP256
SAS Label:

    Pressure Array Data Point 256
English Text:

    Pressure Array Data Point 256
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-298 to 150 | Range of Values | 63 | 63 |   
. | Missing | 5522 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA001 - Admittance Array Data Point 001

Variable Name:

    TYXA001
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 001
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 001
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.443 | Range of Values | 5585 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA002 - Admittance Array Data Point 002

Variable Name:

    TYXA002
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 002
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 002
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.442 | Range of Values | 5585 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA003 - Admittance Array Data Point 003

Variable Name:

    TYXA003
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 003
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 003
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.442 | Range of Values | 5585 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA004 - Admittance Array Data Point 004

Variable Name:

    TYXA004
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 004
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 004
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.445 | Range of Values | 5585 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA005 - Admittance Array Data Point 005

Variable Name:

    TYXA005
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 005
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 005
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.45 | Range of Values | 5585 | 5585 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA006 - Admittance Array Data Point 006

Variable Name:

    TYXA006
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 006
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 006
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.455 | Range of Values | 5584 | 5584 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA007 - Admittance Array Data Point 007

Variable Name:

    TYXA007
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 007
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 007
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.461 | Range of Values | 5584 | 5584 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA008 - Admittance Array Data Point 008

Variable Name:

    TYXA008
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 008
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 008
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.466 | Range of Values | 5584 | 5584 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA009 - Admittance Array Data Point 009

Variable Name:

    TYXA009
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 009
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 009
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.473 | Range of Values | 5584 | 5584 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA010 - Admittance Array Data Point 010

Variable Name:

    TYXA010
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 010
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 010
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.48 | Range of Values | 5584 | 5584 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA011 - Admittance Array Data Point 011

Variable Name:

    TYXA011
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 011
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 011
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.489 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA012 - Admittance Array Data Point 012

Variable Name:

    TYXA012
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 012
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 012
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.497 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA013 - Admittance Array Data Point 013

Variable Name:

    TYXA013
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 013
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 013
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.145 to 6.504 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA014 - Admittance Array Data Point 014

Variable Name:

    TYXA014
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 014
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 014
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.219 to 6.509 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA015 - Admittance Array Data Point 015

Variable Name:

    TYXA015
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 015
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 015
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.217 to 6.51 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA016 - Admittance Array Data Point 016

Variable Name:

    TYXA016
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 016
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 016
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.216 to 6.507 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA017 - Admittance Array Data Point 017

Variable Name:

    TYXA017
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 017
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 017
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.214 to 6.497 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA018 - Admittance Array Data Point 018

Variable Name:

    TYXA018
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 018
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 018
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.213 to 6.478 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA019 - Admittance Array Data Point 019

Variable Name:

    TYXA019
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 019
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 019
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.211 to 6.45 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA020 - Admittance Array Data Point 020

Variable Name:

    TYXA020
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 020
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 020
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.209 to 6.419 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA021 - Admittance Array Data Point 021

Variable Name:

    TYXA021
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 021
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 021
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.207 to 6.391 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA022 - Admittance Array Data Point 022

Variable Name:

    TYXA022
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 022
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 022
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.204 to 6.371 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA023 - Admittance Array Data Point 023

Variable Name:

    TYXA023
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 023
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 023
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.202 to 6.362 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA024 - Admittance Array Data Point 024

Variable Name:

    TYXA024
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 024
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 024
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.2 to 6.373 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA025 - Admittance Array Data Point 025

Variable Name:

    TYXA025
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 025
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 025
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.197 to 6.404 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA026 - Admittance Array Data Point 026

Variable Name:

    TYXA026
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 026
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 026
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.195 to 6.445 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA027 - Admittance Array Data Point 027

Variable Name:

    TYXA027
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 027
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 027
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.194 to 6.479 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA028 - Admittance Array Data Point 028

Variable Name:

    TYXA028
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 028
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 028
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.192 to 6.495 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA029 - Admittance Array Data Point 029

Variable Name:

    TYXA029
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 029
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 029
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.192 to 6.49 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA030 - Admittance Array Data Point 030

Variable Name:

    TYXA030
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 030
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 030
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.191 to 6.466 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA031 - Admittance Array Data Point 031

Variable Name:

    TYXA031
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 031
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 031
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.191 to 6.434 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA032 - Admittance Array Data Point 032

Variable Name:

    TYXA032
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 032
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 032
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.191 to 6.41 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA033 - Admittance Array Data Point 033

Variable Name:

    TYXA033
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 033
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 033
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.159 to 6.402 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA034 - Admittance Array Data Point 034

Variable Name:

    TYXA034
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 034
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 034
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.124 to 6.407 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA035 - Admittance Array Data Point 035

Variable Name:

    TYXA035
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 035
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 035
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.415 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA036 - Admittance Array Data Point 036

Variable Name:

    TYXA036
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 036
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 036
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.423 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA037 - Admittance Array Data Point 037

Variable Name:

    TYXA037
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 037
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 037
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.429 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA038 - Admittance Array Data Point 038

Variable Name:

    TYXA038
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 038
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 038
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.432 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA039 - Admittance Array Data Point 039

Variable Name:

    TYXA039
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 039
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 039
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.434 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA040 - Admittance Array Data Point 040

Variable Name:

    TYXA040
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 040
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 040
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.433 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA041 - Admittance Array Data Point 041

Variable Name:

    TYXA041
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 041
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 041
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.431 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA042 - Admittance Array Data Point 042

Variable Name:

    TYXA042
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 042
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 042
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.429 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA043 - Admittance Array Data Point 043

Variable Name:

    TYXA043
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 043
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 043
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.427 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA044 - Admittance Array Data Point 044

Variable Name:

    TYXA044
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 044
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 044
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.426 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA045 - Admittance Array Data Point 045

Variable Name:

    TYXA045
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 045
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 045
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.428 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA046 - Admittance Array Data Point 046

Variable Name:

    TYXA046
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 046
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 046
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.432 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA047 - Admittance Array Data Point 047

Variable Name:

    TYXA047
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 047
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 047
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.438 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA048 - Admittance Array Data Point 048

Variable Name:

    TYXA048
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 048
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 048
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.445 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA049 - Admittance Array Data Point 049

Variable Name:

    TYXA049
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 049
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 049
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 7.07 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA050 - Admittance Array Data Point 050

Variable Name:

    TYXA050
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 050
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 050
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 8.391 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA051 - Admittance Array Data Point 051

Variable Name:

    TYXA051
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 051
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 051
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 8.89 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA052 - Admittance Array Data Point 052

Variable Name:

    TYXA052
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 052
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 052
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 8.89 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA053 - Admittance Array Data Point 053

Variable Name:

    TYXA053
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 053
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 053
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 8.4 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA054 - Admittance Array Data Point 054

Variable Name:

    TYXA054
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 054
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 054
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.47 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA055 - Admittance Array Data Point 055

Variable Name:

    TYXA055
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 055
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 055
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.747 | Range of Values | 5583 | 5583 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA056 - Admittance Array Data Point 056

Variable Name:

    TYXA056
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 056
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 056
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.881 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA057 - Admittance Array Data Point 057

Variable Name:

    TYXA057
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 057
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 057
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.528 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA058 - Admittance Array Data Point 058

Variable Name:

    TYXA058
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 058
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 058
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.449 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA059 - Admittance Array Data Point 059

Variable Name:

    TYXA059
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 059
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 059
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.439 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA060 - Admittance Array Data Point 060

Variable Name:

    TYXA060
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 060
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 060
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.436 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA061 - Admittance Array Data Point 061

Variable Name:

    TYXA061
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 061
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 061
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.438 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA062 - Admittance Array Data Point 062

Variable Name:

    TYXA062
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 062
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 062
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.443 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA063 - Admittance Array Data Point 063

Variable Name:

    TYXA063
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 063
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 063
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.444 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA064 - Admittance Array Data Point 064

Variable Name:

    TYXA064
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 064
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 064
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.655 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA065 - Admittance Array Data Point 065

Variable Name:

    TYXA065
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 065
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 065
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.938 | Range of Values | 5582 | 5582 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA066 - Admittance Array Data Point 066

Variable Name:

    TYXA066
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 066
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 066
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.979 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA067 - Admittance Array Data Point 067

Variable Name:

    TYXA067
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 067
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 067
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.794 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA068 - Admittance Array Data Point 068

Variable Name:

    TYXA068
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 068
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 068
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.691 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA069 - Admittance Array Data Point 069

Variable Name:

    TYXA069
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 069
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 069
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 7.348 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA070 - Admittance Array Data Point 070

Variable Name:

    TYXA070
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 070
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 070
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 7.769 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA071 - Admittance Array Data Point 071

Variable Name:

    TYXA071
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 071
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 071
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 7.91 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA072 - Admittance Array Data Point 072

Variable Name:

    TYXA072
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 072
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 072
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 7.767 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA073 - Admittance Array Data Point 073

Variable Name:

    TYXA073
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 073
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 073
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 7.393 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA074 - Admittance Array Data Point 074

Variable Name:

    TYXA074
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 074
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 074
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.897 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA075 - Admittance Array Data Point 075

Variable Name:

    TYXA075
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 075
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 075
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.417 | Range of Values | 5581 | 5581 |   
. | Missing | 4 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA076 - Admittance Array Data Point 076

Variable Name:

    TYXA076
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 076
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 076
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.374 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA077 - Admittance Array Data Point 077

Variable Name:

    TYXA077
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 077
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 077
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.35 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA078 - Admittance Array Data Point 078

Variable Name:

    TYXA078
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 078
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 078
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.358 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA079 - Admittance Array Data Point 079

Variable Name:

    TYXA079
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 079
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 079
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.382 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA080 - Admittance Array Data Point 080

Variable Name:

    TYXA080
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 080
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 080
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.409 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA081 - Admittance Array Data Point 081

Variable Name:

    TYXA081
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 081
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 081
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.427 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA082 - Admittance Array Data Point 082

Variable Name:

    TYXA082
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 082
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 082
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.44 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA083 - Admittance Array Data Point 083

Variable Name:

    TYXA083
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 083
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 083
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.454 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA084 - Admittance Array Data Point 084

Variable Name:

    TYXA084
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 084
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 084
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.456 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA085 - Admittance Array Data Point 085

Variable Name:

    TYXA085
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 085
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 085
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.451 | Range of Values | 5579 | 5579 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA086 - Admittance Array Data Point 086

Variable Name:

    TYXA086
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 086
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 086
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.442 | Range of Values | 5574 | 5574 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA087 - Admittance Array Data Point 087

Variable Name:

    TYXA087
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 087
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 087
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.436 | Range of Values | 5574 | 5574 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA088 - Admittance Array Data Point 088

Variable Name:

    TYXA088
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 088
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 088
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.43 | Range of Values | 5574 | 5574 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA089 - Admittance Array Data Point 089

Variable Name:

    TYXA089
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 089
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 089
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.425 | Range of Values | 5574 | 5574 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA090 - Admittance Array Data Point 090

Variable Name:

    TYXA090
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 090
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 090
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.419 | Range of Values | 5574 | 5574 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA091 - Admittance Array Data Point 091

Variable Name:

    TYXA091
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 091
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 091
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.417 | Range of Values | 5570 | 5570 |   
. | Missing | 15 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA092 - Admittance Array Data Point 092

Variable Name:

    TYXA092
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 092
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 092
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.419 | Range of Values | 5570 | 5570 |   
. | Missing | 15 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA093 - Admittance Array Data Point 093

Variable Name:

    TYXA093
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 093
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 093
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.425 | Range of Values | 5570 | 5570 |   
. | Missing | 15 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA094 - Admittance Array Data Point 094

Variable Name:

    TYXA094
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 094
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 094
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.433 | Range of Values | 5570 | 5570 |   
. | Missing | 15 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA095 - Admittance Array Data Point 095

Variable Name:

    TYXA095
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 095
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 095
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.44 | Range of Values | 5570 | 5570 |   
. | Missing | 15 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA096 - Admittance Array Data Point 096

Variable Name:

    TYXA096
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 096
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 096
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.45 | Range of Values | 5567 | 5567 |   
. | Missing | 18 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA097 - Admittance Array Data Point 097

Variable Name:

    TYXA097
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 097
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 097
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.463 | Range of Values | 5567 | 5567 |   
. | Missing | 18 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA098 - Admittance Array Data Point 098

Variable Name:

    TYXA098
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 098
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 098
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.477 | Range of Values | 5567 | 5567 |   
. | Missing | 18 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA099 - Admittance Array Data Point 099

Variable Name:

    TYXA099
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 099
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 099
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.49 | Range of Values | 5567 | 5567 |   
. | Missing | 18 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA100 - Admittance Array Data Point 100

Variable Name:

    TYXA100
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 100
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 100
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.499 | Range of Values | 5567 | 5567 |   
. | Missing | 18 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA101 - Admittance Array Data Point 101

Variable Name:

    TYXA101
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 101
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 101
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.502 | Range of Values | 5562 | 5562 |   
. | Missing | 23 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA102 - Admittance Array Data Point 102

Variable Name:

    TYXA102
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 102
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 102
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.501 | Range of Values | 5562 | 5562 |   
. | Missing | 23 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA103 - Admittance Array Data Point 103

Variable Name:

    TYXA103
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 103
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 103
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.496 | Range of Values | 5562 | 5562 |   
. | Missing | 23 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA104 - Admittance Array Data Point 104

Variable Name:

    TYXA104
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 104
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 104
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.491 | Range of Values | 5562 | 5562 |   
. | Missing | 23 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA105 - Admittance Array Data Point 105

Variable Name:

    TYXA105
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 105
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 105
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.488 | Range of Values | 5562 | 5562 |   
. | Missing | 23 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA106 - Admittance Array Data Point 106

Variable Name:

    TYXA106
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 106
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 106
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.488 | Range of Values | 5539 | 5539 |   
. | Missing | 46 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA107 - Admittance Array Data Point 107

Variable Name:

    TYXA107
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 107
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 107
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.488 | Range of Values | 5539 | 5539 |   
. | Missing | 46 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA108 - Admittance Array Data Point 108

Variable Name:

    TYXA108
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 108
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 108
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.487 | Range of Values | 5539 | 5539 |   
. | Missing | 46 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA109 - Admittance Array Data Point 109

Variable Name:

    TYXA109
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 109
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 109
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.484 | Range of Values | 5539 | 5539 |   
. | Missing | 46 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA110 - Admittance Array Data Point 110

Variable Name:

    TYXA110
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 110
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 110
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.48 | Range of Values | 5539 | 5539 |   
. | Missing | 46 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA111 - Admittance Array Data Point 111

Variable Name:

    TYXA111
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 111
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 111
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.478 | Range of Values | 5486 | 5486 |   
. | Missing | 99 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA112 - Admittance Array Data Point 112

Variable Name:

    TYXA112
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 112
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 112
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.48 | Range of Values | 5486 | 5486 |   
. | Missing | 99 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA113 - Admittance Array Data Point 113

Variable Name:

    TYXA113
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 113
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 113
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.486 | Range of Values | 5486 | 5486 |   
. | Missing | 99 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA114 - Admittance Array Data Point 114

Variable Name:

    TYXA114
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 114
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 114
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.495 | Range of Values | 5486 | 5486 |   
. | Missing | 99 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA115 - Admittance Array Data Point 115

Variable Name:

    TYXA115
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 115
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 115
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.505 | Range of Values | 5486 | 5486 |   
. | Missing | 99 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA116 - Admittance Array Data Point 116

Variable Name:

    TYXA116
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 116
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 116
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.512 | Range of Values | 5390 | 5390 |   
. | Missing | 195 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA117 - Admittance Array Data Point 117

Variable Name:

    TYXA117
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 117
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 117
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.513 | Range of Values | 5390 | 5390 |   
. | Missing | 195 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA118 - Admittance Array Data Point 118

Variable Name:

    TYXA118
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 118
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 118
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.509 | Range of Values | 5390 | 5390 |   
. | Missing | 195 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA119 - Admittance Array Data Point 119

Variable Name:

    TYXA119
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 119
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 119
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.505 | Range of Values | 5390 | 5390 |   
. | Missing | 195 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA120 - Admittance Array Data Point 120

Variable Name:

    TYXA120
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 120
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 120
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.5 | Range of Values | 5390 | 5390 |   
. | Missing | 195 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA121 - Admittance Array Data Point 121

Variable Name:

    TYXA121
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 121
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 121
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.496 | Range of Values | 5245 | 5245 |   
. | Missing | 340 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA122 - Admittance Array Data Point 122

Variable Name:

    TYXA122
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 122
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 122
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.491 | Range of Values | 5245 | 5245 |   
. | Missing | 340 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA123 - Admittance Array Data Point 123

Variable Name:

    TYXA123
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 123
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 123
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.485 | Range of Values | 5245 | 5245 |   
. | Missing | 340 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA124 - Admittance Array Data Point 124

Variable Name:

    TYXA124
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 124
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 124
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.479 | Range of Values | 5245 | 5245 |   
. | Missing | 340 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA125 - Admittance Array Data Point 125

Variable Name:

    TYXA125
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 125
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 125
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.477 | Range of Values | 5245 | 5245 |   
. | Missing | 340 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA126 - Admittance Array Data Point 126

Variable Name:

    TYXA126
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 126
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 126
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.158 to 6.481 | Range of Values | 5006 | 5006 |   
. | Missing | 579 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA127 - Admittance Array Data Point 127

Variable Name:

    TYXA127
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 127
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 127
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.158 to 6.491 | Range of Values | 5006 | 5006 |   
. | Missing | 579 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA128 - Admittance Array Data Point 128

Variable Name:

    TYXA128
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 128
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 128
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.504 | Range of Values | 5006 | 5006 |   
. | Missing | 579 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA129 - Admittance Array Data Point 129

Variable Name:

    TYXA129
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 129
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 129
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 7.116 | Range of Values | 5006 | 5006 |   
. | Missing | 579 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA130 - Admittance Array Data Point 130

Variable Name:

    TYXA130
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 130
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 130
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 8.565 | Range of Values | 5006 | 5006 |   
. | Missing | 579 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA131 - Admittance Array Data Point 131

Variable Name:

    TYXA131
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 131
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 131
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 8.377 | Range of Values | 4683 | 4683 |   
. | Missing | 902 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA132 - Admittance Array Data Point 132

Variable Name:

    TYXA132
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 132
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 132
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.964 | Range of Values | 4683 | 4683 |   
. | Missing | 902 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA133 - Admittance Array Data Point 133

Variable Name:

    TYXA133
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 133
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 133
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.365 | Range of Values | 4683 | 4683 |   
. | Missing | 902 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA134 - Admittance Array Data Point 134

Variable Name:

    TYXA134
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 134
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 134
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.366 | Range of Values | 4683 | 4683 |   
. | Missing | 902 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA135 - Admittance Array Data Point 135

Variable Name:

    TYXA135
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 135
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 135
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.368 | Range of Values | 4683 | 4683 |   
. | Missing | 902 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA136 - Admittance Array Data Point 136

Variable Name:

    TYXA136
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 136
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 136
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.371 | Range of Values | 4315 | 4315 |   
. | Missing | 1270 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA137 - Admittance Array Data Point 137

Variable Name:

    TYXA137
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 137
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 137
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.374 | Range of Values | 4315 | 4315 |   
. | Missing | 1270 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA138 - Admittance Array Data Point 138

Variable Name:

    TYXA138
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 138
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 138
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.376 | Range of Values | 4315 | 4315 |   
. | Missing | 1270 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA139 - Admittance Array Data Point 139

Variable Name:

    TYXA139
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 139
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 139
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.377 | Range of Values | 4315 | 4315 |   
. | Missing | 1270 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA140 - Admittance Array Data Point 140

Variable Name:

    TYXA140
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 140
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 140
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.376 | Range of Values | 4315 | 4315 |   
. | Missing | 1270 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA141 - Admittance Array Data Point 141

Variable Name:

    TYXA141
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 141
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 141
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.375 | Range of Values | 3880 | 3880 |   
. | Missing | 1705 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA142 - Admittance Array Data Point 142

Variable Name:

    TYXA142
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 142
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 142
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.465 | Range of Values | 3880 | 3880 |   
. | Missing | 1705 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA143 - Admittance Array Data Point 143

Variable Name:

    TYXA143
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 143
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 143
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.478 | Range of Values | 3880 | 3880 |   
. | Missing | 1705 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA144 - Admittance Array Data Point 144

Variable Name:

    TYXA144
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 144
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 144
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.467 | Range of Values | 3880 | 3880 |   
. | Missing | 1705 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA145 - Admittance Array Data Point 145

Variable Name:

    TYXA145
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 145
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 145
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.454 | Range of Values | 3880 | 3880 |   
. | Missing | 1705 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA146 - Admittance Array Data Point 146

Variable Name:

    TYXA146
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 146
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 146
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.443 | Range of Values | 3432 | 3432 |   
. | Missing | 2153 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA147 - Admittance Array Data Point 147

Variable Name:

    TYXA147
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 147
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 147
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.436 | Range of Values | 3432 | 3432 |   
. | Missing | 2153 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA148 - Admittance Array Data Point 148

Variable Name:

    TYXA148
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 148
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 148
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.435 | Range of Values | 3432 | 3432 |   
. | Missing | 2153 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA149 - Admittance Array Data Point 149

Variable Name:

    TYXA149
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 149
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 149
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.437 | Range of Values | 3432 | 3432 |   
. | Missing | 2153 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA150 - Admittance Array Data Point 150

Variable Name:

    TYXA150
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 150
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 150
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.441 | Range of Values | 3432 | 3432 |   
. | Missing | 2153 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA151 - Admittance Array Data Point 151

Variable Name:

    TYXA151
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 151
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 151
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.443 | Range of Values | 2986 | 2986 |   
. | Missing | 2599 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA152 - Admittance Array Data Point 152

Variable Name:

    TYXA152
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 152
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 152
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.444 | Range of Values | 2986 | 2986 |   
. | Missing | 2599 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA153 - Admittance Array Data Point 153

Variable Name:

    TYXA153
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 153
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 153
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.443 | Range of Values | 2986 | 2986 |   
. | Missing | 2599 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA154 - Admittance Array Data Point 154

Variable Name:

    TYXA154
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 154
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 154
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.441 | Range of Values | 2986 | 2986 |   
. | Missing | 2599 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA155 - Admittance Array Data Point 155

Variable Name:

    TYXA155
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 155
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 155
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.438 | Range of Values | 2986 | 2986 |   
. | Missing | 2599 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA156 - Admittance Array Data Point 156

Variable Name:

    TYXA156
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 156
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 156
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.43 | Range of Values | 2527 | 2527 |   
. | Missing | 3058 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA157 - Admittance Array Data Point 157

Variable Name:

    TYXA157
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 157
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 157
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.419 | Range of Values | 2527 | 2527 |   
. | Missing | 3058 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA158 - Admittance Array Data Point 158

Variable Name:

    TYXA158
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 158
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 158
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.406 | Range of Values | 2527 | 2527 |   
. | Missing | 3058 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA159 - Admittance Array Data Point 159

Variable Name:

    TYXA159
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 159
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 159
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.395 | Range of Values | 2527 | 2527 |   
. | Missing | 3058 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA160 - Admittance Array Data Point 160

Variable Name:

    TYXA160
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 160
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 160
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.388 | Range of Values | 2527 | 2527 |   
. | Missing | 3058 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA161 - Admittance Array Data Point 161

Variable Name:

    TYXA161
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 161
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 161
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.383 | Range of Values | 2083 | 2083 |   
. | Missing | 3502 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA162 - Admittance Array Data Point 162

Variable Name:

    TYXA162
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 162
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 162
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.38 | Range of Values | 2083 | 2083 |   
. | Missing | 3502 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA163 - Admittance Array Data Point 163

Variable Name:

    TYXA163
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 163
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 163
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.377 | Range of Values | 2083 | 2083 |   
. | Missing | 3502 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA164 - Admittance Array Data Point 164

Variable Name:

    TYXA164
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 164
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 164
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.375 | Range of Values | 2083 | 2083 |   
. | Missing | 3502 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA165 - Admittance Array Data Point 165

Variable Name:

    TYXA165
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 165
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 165
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.378 | Range of Values | 2083 | 2083 |   
. | Missing | 3502 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA166 - Admittance Array Data Point 166

Variable Name:

    TYXA166
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 166
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 166
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.381 | Range of Values | 1708 | 1708 |   
. | Missing | 3877 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA167 - Admittance Array Data Point 167

Variable Name:

    TYXA167
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 167
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 167
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.385 | Range of Values | 1708 | 1708 |   
. | Missing | 3877 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA168 - Admittance Array Data Point 168

Variable Name:

    TYXA168
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 168
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 168
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.387 | Range of Values | 1708 | 1708 |   
. | Missing | 3877 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA169 - Admittance Array Data Point 169

Variable Name:

    TYXA169
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 169
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 169
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.387 | Range of Values | 1708 | 1708 |   
. | Missing | 3877 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA170 - Admittance Array Data Point 170

Variable Name:

    TYXA170
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 170
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 170
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.384 | Range of Values | 1708 | 1708 |   
. | Missing | 3877 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA171 - Admittance Array Data Point 171

Variable Name:

    TYXA171
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 171
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 171
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.38 | Range of Values | 1350 | 1350 |   
. | Missing | 4235 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA172 - Admittance Array Data Point 172

Variable Name:

    TYXA172
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 172
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 172
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.377 | Range of Values | 1350 | 1350 |   
. | Missing | 4235 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA173 - Admittance Array Data Point 173

Variable Name:

    TYXA173
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 173
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 173
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.374 | Range of Values | 1350 | 1350 |   
. | Missing | 4235 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA174 - Admittance Array Data Point 174

Variable Name:

    TYXA174
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 174
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 174
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.373 | Range of Values | 1350 | 1350 |   
. | Missing | 4235 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA175 - Admittance Array Data Point 175

Variable Name:

    TYXA175
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 175
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 175
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.375 | Range of Values | 1350 | 1350 |   
. | Missing | 4235 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA176 - Admittance Array Data Point 176

Variable Name:

    TYXA176
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 176
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 176
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.25 | Range of Values | 1084 | 1084 |   
. | Missing | 4501 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA177 - Admittance Array Data Point 177

Variable Name:

    TYXA177
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 177
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 177
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.246 | Range of Values | 1084 | 1084 |   
. | Missing | 4501 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA178 - Admittance Array Data Point 178

Variable Name:

    TYXA178
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 178
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 178
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.243 | Range of Values | 1084 | 1084 |   
. | Missing | 4501 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA179 - Admittance Array Data Point 179

Variable Name:

    TYXA179
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 179
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 179
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.241 | Range of Values | 1084 | 1084 |   
. | Missing | 4501 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA180 - Admittance Array Data Point 180

Variable Name:

    TYXA180
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 180
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 180
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 6.238 | Range of Values | 1084 | 1084 |   
. | Missing | 4501 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA181 - Admittance Array Data Point 181

Variable Name:

    TYXA181
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 181
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 181
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.42 | Range of Values | 866 | 866 |   
. | Missing | 4719 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA182 - Admittance Array Data Point 182

Variable Name:

    TYXA182
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 182
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 182
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.424 | Range of Values | 866 | 866 |   
. | Missing | 4719 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA183 - Admittance Array Data Point 183

Variable Name:

    TYXA183
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 183
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 183
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.43 | Range of Values | 866 | 866 |   
. | Missing | 4719 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA184 - Admittance Array Data Point 184

Variable Name:

    TYXA184
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 184
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 184
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.436 | Range of Values | 866 | 866 |   
. | Missing | 4719 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA185 - Admittance Array Data Point 185

Variable Name:

    TYXA185
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 185
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 185
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.441 | Range of Values | 866 | 866 |   
. | Missing | 4719 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA186 - Admittance Array Data Point 186

Variable Name:

    TYXA186
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 186
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 186
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.192 to 5.445 | Range of Values | 679 | 679 |   
. | Missing | 4906 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA187 - Admittance Array Data Point 187

Variable Name:

    TYXA187
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 187
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 187
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.157 to 5.447 | Range of Values | 679 | 679 |   
. | Missing | 4906 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA188 - Admittance Array Data Point 188

Variable Name:

    TYXA188
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 188
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 188
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.157 to 5.448 | Range of Values | 679 | 679 |   
. | Missing | 4906 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA189 - Admittance Array Data Point 189

Variable Name:

    TYXA189
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 189
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 189
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.157 to 5.45 | Range of Values | 679 | 679 |   
. | Missing | 4906 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA190 - Admittance Array Data Point 190

Variable Name:

    TYXA190
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 190
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 190
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.191 to 5.451 | Range of Values | 679 | 679 |   
. | Missing | 4906 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA191 - Admittance Array Data Point 191

Variable Name:

    TYXA191
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 191
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 191
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.192 to 5.452 | Range of Values | 539 | 539 |   
. | Missing | 5046 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA192 - Admittance Array Data Point 192

Variable Name:

    TYXA192
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 192
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 192
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.158 to 5.452 | Range of Values | 539 | 539 |   
. | Missing | 5046 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA193 - Admittance Array Data Point 193

Variable Name:

    TYXA193
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 193
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 193
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.124 to 5.449 | Range of Values | 539 | 539 |   
. | Missing | 5046 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA194 - Admittance Array Data Point 194

Variable Name:

    TYXA194
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 194
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 194
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.445 | Range of Values | 539 | 539 |   
. | Missing | 5046 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA195 - Admittance Array Data Point 195

Variable Name:

    TYXA195
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 195
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 195
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.439 | Range of Values | 539 | 539 |   
. | Missing | 5046 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA196 - Admittance Array Data Point 196

Variable Name:

    TYXA196
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 196
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 196
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.433 | Range of Values | 427 | 427 |   
. | Missing | 5158 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA197 - Admittance Array Data Point 197

Variable Name:

    TYXA197
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 197
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 197
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.432 | Range of Values | 427 | 427 |   
. | Missing | 5158 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA198 - Admittance Array Data Point 198

Variable Name:

    TYXA198
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 198
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 198
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.448 | Range of Values | 427 | 427 |   
. | Missing | 5158 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA199 - Admittance Array Data Point 199

Variable Name:

    TYXA199
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 199
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 199
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.488 | Range of Values | 427 | 427 |   
. | Missing | 5158 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA200 - Admittance Array Data Point 200

Variable Name:

    TYXA200
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 200
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 200
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.548 | Range of Values | 427 | 427 |   
. | Missing | 5158 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA201 - Admittance Array Data Point 201

Variable Name:

    TYXA201
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 201
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 201
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.607 | Range of Values | 354 | 354 |   
. | Missing | 5231 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA202 - Admittance Array Data Point 202

Variable Name:

    TYXA202
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 202
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 202
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.643 | Range of Values | 354 | 354 |   
. | Missing | 5231 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA203 - Admittance Array Data Point 203

Variable Name:

    TYXA203
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 203
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 203
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.642 | Range of Values | 354 | 354 |   
. | Missing | 5231 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA204 - Admittance Array Data Point 204

Variable Name:

    TYXA204
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 204
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 204
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.606 | Range of Values | 354 | 354 |   
. | Missing | 5231 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA205 - Admittance Array Data Point 205

Variable Name:

    TYXA205
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 205
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 205
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.549 | Range of Values | 354 | 354 |   
. | Missing | 5231 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA206 - Admittance Array Data Point 206

Variable Name:

    TYXA206
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 206
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 206
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.496 | Range of Values | 297 | 297 |   
. | Missing | 5288 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA207 - Admittance Array Data Point 207

Variable Name:

    TYXA207
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 207
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 207
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.463 | Range of Values | 297 | 297 |   
. | Missing | 5288 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA208 - Admittance Array Data Point 208

Variable Name:

    TYXA208
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 208
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 208
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.449 | Range of Values | 297 | 297 |   
. | Missing | 5288 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA209 - Admittance Array Data Point 209

Variable Name:

    TYXA209
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 209
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 209
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.447 | Range of Values | 297 | 297 |   
. | Missing | 5288 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA210 - Admittance Array Data Point 210

Variable Name:

    TYXA210
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 210
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 210
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.09 to 5.444 | Range of Values | 297 | 297 |   
. | Missing | 5288 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA211 - Admittance Array Data Point 211

Variable Name:

    TYXA211
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 211
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 211
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.345 to 4.043 | Range of Values | 234 | 234 |   
. | Missing | 5351 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA212 - Admittance Array Data Point 212

Variable Name:

    TYXA212
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 212
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 212
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.344 to 4.031 | Range of Values | 234 | 234 |   
. | Missing | 5351 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA213 - Admittance Array Data Point 213

Variable Name:

    TYXA213
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 213
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 213
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.336 to 4.003 | Range of Values | 234 | 234 |   
. | Missing | 5351 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA214 - Admittance Array Data Point 214

Variable Name:

    TYXA214
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 214
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 214
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.343 to 3.969 | Range of Values | 234 | 234 |   
. | Missing | 5351 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA215 - Admittance Array Data Point 215

Variable Name:

    TYXA215
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 215
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 215
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.339 to 3.936 | Range of Values | 234 | 234 |   
. | Missing | 5351 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA216 - Admittance Array Data Point 216

Variable Name:

    TYXA216
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 216
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 216
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.333 to 3.911 | Range of Values | 191 | 191 |   
. | Missing | 5394 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA217 - Admittance Array Data Point 217

Variable Name:

    TYXA217
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 217
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 217
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.322 to 3.896 | Range of Values | 191 | 191 |   
. | Missing | 5394 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA218 - Admittance Array Data Point 218

Variable Name:

    TYXA218
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 218
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 218
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.317 to 3.89 | Range of Values | 191 | 191 |   
. | Missing | 5394 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA219 - Admittance Array Data Point 219

Variable Name:

    TYXA219
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 219
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 219
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.313 to 3.89 | Range of Values | 191 | 191 |   
. | Missing | 5394 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA220 - Admittance Array Data Point 220

Variable Name:

    TYXA220
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 220
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 220
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.305 to 3.893 | Range of Values | 191 | 191 |   
. | Missing | 5394 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA221 - Admittance Array Data Point 221

Variable Name:

    TYXA221
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 221
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 221
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.296 to 3.893 | Range of Values | 161 | 161 |   
. | Missing | 5424 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA222 - Admittance Array Data Point 222

Variable Name:

    TYXA222
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 222
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 222
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.288 to 3.888 | Range of Values | 161 | 161 |   
. | Missing | 5424 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA223 - Admittance Array Data Point 223

Variable Name:

    TYXA223
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 223
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 223
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.285 to 3.877 | Range of Values | 161 | 161 |   
. | Missing | 5424 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA224 - Admittance Array Data Point 224

Variable Name:

    TYXA224
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 224
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 224
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.282 to 3.866 | Range of Values | 161 | 161 |   
. | Missing | 5424 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA225 - Admittance Array Data Point 225

Variable Name:

    TYXA225
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 225
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 225
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.28 to 3.862 | Range of Values | 161 | 161 |   
. | Missing | 5424 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA226 - Admittance Array Data Point 226

Variable Name:

    TYXA226
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 226
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 226
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.275 to 3.869 | Range of Values | 145 | 145 |   
. | Missing | 5440 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA227 - Admittance Array Data Point 227

Variable Name:

    TYXA227
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 227
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 227
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.272 to 3.885 | Range of Values | 145 | 145 |   
. | Missing | 5440 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA228 - Admittance Array Data Point 228

Variable Name:

    TYXA228
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 228
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 228
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.269 to 3.894 | Range of Values | 145 | 145 |   
. | Missing | 5440 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA229 - Admittance Array Data Point 229

Variable Name:

    TYXA229
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 229
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 229
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.265 to 3.882 | Range of Values | 145 | 145 |   
. | Missing | 5440 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA230 - Admittance Array Data Point 230

Variable Name:

    TYXA230
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 230
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 230
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.261 to 3.879 | Range of Values | 145 | 145 |   
. | Missing | 5440 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA231 - Admittance Array Data Point 231

Variable Name:

    TYXA231
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 231
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 231
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.256 to 3.886 | Range of Values | 119 | 119 |   
. | Missing | 5466 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA232 - Admittance Array Data Point 232

Variable Name:

    TYXA232
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 232
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 232
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.251 to 3.884 | Range of Values | 119 | 119 |   
. | Missing | 5466 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA233 - Admittance Array Data Point 233

Variable Name:

    TYXA233
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 233
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 233
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.246 to 3.865 | Range of Values | 119 | 119 |   
. | Missing | 5466 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA234 - Admittance Array Data Point 234

Variable Name:

    TYXA234
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 234
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 234
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.242 to 3.852 | Range of Values | 119 | 119 |   
. | Missing | 5466 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA235 - Admittance Array Data Point 235

Variable Name:

    TYXA235
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 235
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 235
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.239 to 3.83 | Range of Values | 119 | 119 |   
. | Missing | 5466 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA236 - Admittance Array Data Point 236

Variable Name:

    TYXA236
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 236
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 236
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.24 to 3.822 | Range of Values | 103 | 103 |   
. | Missing | 5482 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA237 - Admittance Array Data Point 237

Variable Name:

    TYXA237
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 237
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 237
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.244 to 3.87 | Range of Values | 103 | 103 |   
. | Missing | 5482 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA238 - Admittance Array Data Point 238

Variable Name:

    TYXA238
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 238
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 238
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.257 to 3.889 | Range of Values | 103 | 103 |   
. | Missing | 5482 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA239 - Admittance Array Data Point 239

Variable Name:

    TYXA239
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 239
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 239
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.264 to 3.875 | Range of Values | 103 | 103 |   
. | Missing | 5482 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA240 - Admittance Array Data Point 240

Variable Name:

    TYXA240
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 240
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 240
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.271 to 3.841 | Range of Values | 103 | 103 |   
. | Missing | 5482 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA241 - Admittance Array Data Point 241

Variable Name:

    TYXA241
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 241
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 241
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.276 to 3.807 | Range of Values | 95 | 95 |   
. | Missing | 5490 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA242 - Admittance Array Data Point 242

Variable Name:

    TYXA242
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 242
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 242
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.281 to 3.783 | Range of Values | 95 | 95 |   
. | Missing | 5490 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA243 - Admittance Array Data Point 243

Variable Name:

    TYXA243
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 243
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 243
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.281 to 3.809 | Range of Values | 95 | 95 |   
. | Missing | 5490 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA244 - Admittance Array Data Point 244

Variable Name:

    TYXA244
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 244
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 244
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.279 to 4.014 | Range of Values | 95 | 95 |   
. | Missing | 5490 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA245 - Admittance Array Data Point 245

Variable Name:

    TYXA245
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 245
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 245
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.277 to 4.116 | Range of Values | 95 | 95 |   
. | Missing | 5490 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA246 - Admittance Array Data Point 246

Variable Name:

    TYXA246
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 246
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 246
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.312 to 4.137 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 5508 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA247 - Admittance Array Data Point 247

Variable Name:

    TYXA247
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 247
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 247
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.298 to 4.642 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 5508 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA248 - Admittance Array Data Point 248

Variable Name:

    TYXA248
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 248
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 248
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.27 to 4.074 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 5508 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA249 - Admittance Array Data Point 249

Variable Name:

    TYXA249
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 249
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 249
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.259 to 4.315 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 5508 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA250 - Admittance Array Data Point 250

Variable Name:

    TYXA250
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 250
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 250
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.255 to 4.397 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 5508 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA251 - Admittance Array Data Point 251

Variable Name:

    TYXA251
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 251
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 251
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.236 to 4.414 | Range of Values | 72 | 72 |   
. | Missing | 5513 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA252 - Admittance Array Data Point 252

Variable Name:

    TYXA252
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 252
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 252
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.253 to 3.33 | Range of Values | 72 | 72 |   
. | Missing | 5513 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA253 - Admittance Array Data Point 253

Variable Name:

    TYXA253
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 253
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 253
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.258 to 2.9 | Range of Values | 72 | 72 |   
. | Missing | 5513 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA254 - Admittance Array Data Point 254

Variable Name:

    TYXA254
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 254
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 254
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.274 to 3.354 | Range of Values | 72 | 72 |   
. | Missing | 5513 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA255 - Admittance Array Data Point 255

Variable Name:

    TYXA255
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 255
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 255
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.314 to 3.465 | Range of Values | 72 | 72 |   
. | Missing | 5513 | 5585 |   
  
### TYXA256 - Admittance Array Data Point 256

Variable Name:

    TYXA256
SAS Label:

    Admittance Array Data Point 256
English Text:

    Admittance Array Data Point 256
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 70 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.315 to 3.492 | Range of Values | 63 | 63 |   
. | Missing | 5522 | 5585 | 

