ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXSAL - Albumin (g/dL)
    * LBDSALSI - Albumin (g/L)
    * LBXSATSI - Alanine aminotransferase ALT (U/L)
    * LBXSASSI - Aspartate aminotransferase AST (U/L)
    * LBXSAPSI - Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
    * LBXSBU - Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
    * LBDSBUSI - Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCA - Total calcium (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCASI - Total calcium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCK - Creatine Phosphokinase(CPK) (IU/L)
    * LBXSCH - Cholesterol (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCHSI - Cholesterol (mmol/L)
    * LBXSC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCR - Creatinine (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCRSI - Creatinine (umol/L)
    * LBXSGTSI - Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)
    * LBXSGL - Glucose, serum (mg/dL)
    * LBDSGLSI - Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
    * LBXSIR - Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)
    * LBDSIRSI - Iron, refigerated (umol/L)
    * LBXSLDSI - Lactate dehydrogenase (U/L)
    * LBXSPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)
    * LBDSPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)
    * LBXSTB - Total bilirubin (mg/dL)
    * LBDSTBSI - Total bilirubin (umol/L)
    * LBXSTP - Total protein (g/dL)
    * LBDSTPSI - Total protein (g/L)
    * LBXSUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)
    * LBDSUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)
    * LBXSNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)
    * LBXSOSSI - Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
    * LBXSGB - Globulin (g/dL)
    * LBDSGBSI - Globulin (g/L)
    * LBXSTR - Triglycerides (mg/dL)
    * LBDSTRSI - Triglycerides (mmol/L)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2011-2012 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Standard Biochemistry Profile (BIOPRO_G)

####  Data File: BIOPRO_G.xpt

#####  First Published: September 2013

#####  Last Revised: February 2014

## Component Description

This battery of measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
certain liver, heart, and kidney diseases, acid-base imbalance in the
respiratory and metabolic systems, other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrine disorders as well as other metabolic or nutritional
disorders.

**1\. Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)**  
Alanine aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment
of certain liver diseases (e.g., viral hepatitis and cirrhosis) and heart
diseases. Elevated levels of the transaminases can indicate myocardial
infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage. Serum
elevations of ALT activity are rarely observed except in parenchymal liver
disease, since ALT is a more liver-specific enzyme than aspartate
aminotransferase (AST).

**2\. Albumin  
**Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases
involving the liver and/or kidneys and are frequently used to assess
nutritional status because plasma levels of albumin are dependent on protein
intake.

**3\. Alkaline Phosphatase  
**Alkaline phosphatase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
liver, bone, and parathyroid disease.

**4\. Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)**  
AST measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of
liver and heart disease. Elevated levels of the transaminases can signal
myocardial infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage.

**5\. Bicarbonate (HCO 3)**  
Together with pH determination, bicarbonate measurements are used in the
diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated
with acid-base imbalance in the respiratory and metabolic systems.

**6\. Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)**  
BUN measurements are used in the diagnosis of certain renal and metabolic
diseases. The determination of serum urea nitrogen is the most widely used
test for the evaluation of kidney function. The test is frequently requested
in conjunction with the serum creatinine test for the differential diagnosis
of prerenal, renal, and postrenal uremia. High BUN levels are associated with
impaired renal function, increased protein catabolism, nephritis, intestinal
obstruction, urinary obstruction, metallic poisoning, cardiac failure,
peritonitis, dehydration, malignancy, pneumonia, surgical shock, Addison's
disease, and uremia. Low BUN levels are associated with amyloidosis, acute
liver disease, pregnancy, and nephrosis. Normal variations are observed
according to a person's age and sex, the time of day, and diet, particularly
protein intake.

**7\. Calcium**  
Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid
disease, bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany. Urinary calcium
measurement is used in the differential diagnosis of hypercaluria.

**8\. Cholesterol  
**An elevated cholesterol level is associated with diabetes, nephrosis,
hypothyroidism, biliary obstruction, and those rare cases of idiopathic
hypercholesterolemia and hyperlipidemia; low levels are associated with
hyperthyroidism, hepatitis, and sometimes severe anemia or infection.

**9\. Creatine phosphokinase  
**Measurements of creatine kinase are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
myocardial infarction, skeletal muscle diseases, and diseases of the central
nervous system.

**10\. Creatinine**  
Creatinine measurements are useful in the diagnosis and treatment of renal
diseases.

**11\. Gammaglutamyl Transaminase (GGT)  
**GT measurement is principally used to diagnose and monitor hepatobiliary
disease. It is currently the most sensitive enzymatic indicator of liver
disease, with normal values rarely found in the presence of hepatic disease.
It is also used as a sensitive screening test for occult alcoholism. Elevated
levels are found in patients who chronically take drugs such as phenobarbital
and phenytoin.

**12\. Glucose**  
Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic
islet cell carcinoma and of carbohydrate metabolism disorders, including
diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia.  
  
**13\. Iron  
**Iron (non-heme) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
diseases such as iron deficiency anemia, chronic renal disease, and
hemochromatosis (a disease associated with widespread deposit in the tissues
of two iron-containing pigments, hemosiderin and hemofuscin, and characterized
by pigmentation of the skin).

**14\. Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)**  
LDH measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases
such as acute viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, and metastatic carcinoma of the
liver; cardiac diseases such as myocardial infarction; and tumors of the lungs
or kidneys.

**15\. Phosphorus  
**There is a reciprocal relationship between serum calcium and inorganic
phosphorus. Any increase in the level of inorganic phosphorus causes a
decrease in the calcium level by a mechanism not clearly understood.
Hyperphosphatemia is associated with vitamin D hypervitaminosis,
hypoparathyroidism, and renal failure. Hypophosphatemia is associated with
rickets, hyperparathyroidism, and Fanconi syndrome.

Measurements of inorganic phosphorus are used in the diagnosis and treatment
of various disorders, including parathyroid gland, kidney diseases, and
vitamin D imbalance.

**16-18. Potassium, Chloride, and Sodium  
**Hypokalemia (low serum potassium level) is associated with body potassium
deficiency, excessive potassium loss caused by prolonged diarrhea or prolonged
periods of vomiting and increased secretion of mineralocorticosteroids.
Hyperkalemia (increased serum potassium level) is associated with oliguria,
anuria, and urinary obstruction.  
  
Low serum chloride values are associated with salt-losing nephritis;
Addisonian crisis, prolonged vomiting, and metabolic acidosis caused by
excessive production or diminished excretion of acids. High serum chloride
values are associated with dehydration and conditions causing decreased renal
blood flow, such as congestive heart failure.  
  
Sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases
involving electrolyte imbalance.

**19\. Total Bilirubin  
**Elevated levels are associated with hemolytic jaundice, paroxysmal
hemoglobinuria, pernicious anemia, polycythemia, icterus neonatorum, internal
hemorrhage, acute hemolytic anemia, malaria, and septicemia.  
  
Low bilirubin levels are associated with aplastic anemia, and certain types of
secondary anemia resulting from toxic therapy for carcinoma and chronic
nephritis.

**20\. Total Protein**  
Total protein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of a
variety of diseases involving the liver, kidney, or bone marrow, as well as
other metabolic or nutritional disorders.  
  
**21\. Triglycerides**  
Triglyceride measurements are used in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus,
nephrosis, liver obstruction, and other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrine disorders and in the treatment of patients with these
diseases.

**22\. Uric Acid  
**Uric acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous
renal and metabolic disorders, including renal failure, gout, leukemia,
psoriasis, starvation, or other wasting conditions and in the treatment of
patients receiving cytotoxic drugs.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 12 years and older are tested.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

Serum specimens are processed, stored, and shipped to the Collaborative
Laboratory Services for analysis.

Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are discussed in the
NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Vials are
stored under appropriate frozen (-30°C) conditions until they are shipped to
National Center for Environmental Health for testing.

The 21 analytes described in these methods constitute the routine biochemistry
profile. Each analyte is described separately within each pertinent section of
this document.

**NOTE: Glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides were analyzed as part of this
profile, but the results do not replace the formalized reference methods data
from NHANES 2009-2010 samples analyzed at other institutions.**

**1\. Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)  
**The DxC800 uses a kinetic rate method to measure ALT activity in serum or
plasma.  In the reaction, ALT catalyzes the reversible transamination of
L-alanine and a-ketoglutarate to pyruvate and L-glutamate.  The pyruvate is
then reduced to lactate in the presence of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) with
the concurrent oxidation of NADH to NAD.  The system monitors the rate of
change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval.  The rate of change
in absorbance is directly proportional to the ALT activity in the sample.

**2\. Albumin  
**The DcX800 method is used to measure the albumin concentration as a
bichromatic digital endpoint method. In the reaction, the albumin combines
with Bromcresol Purple (BCP) reagent to form a complex. The system monitors
the change in absorbance at 600 nm. The change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of albumin in the sample.

**3\. Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)**  
The DxC800 uses an enzymatic rate method to measure the AST activity in serum
or plasma.  In the reaction, the AST catalyzes the reversible transamination
of L-aspartate and a-ketoglutarate to oxaloacetate and L-glutamate.  The
oxaloacetate is then reduced to malate in the presence of malate dehydrogenase
with the concurrent oxidation of NADH to NAD.  The system monitors the rate of
change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval.  The rate of change
in absorbance is directly proportional to the AST activity in the sample.

**4\. Alkaline Phosphatase  
**The DxC800 system uses a kinetic rate method using a
2-Amino-2-Methyl-1-Propanol (AMP) buffer to measure ALP activity in serum or
plasma. In the reaction, the ALP catalyzes the hydrolysis of the colorless
organic phosphate ester substrate, p-Nitrophenylphosphate, to the yellow
colored product p-Nitrophenol and phosphate. This reaction occurs at an
alkaline pH of 10.3. The system monitors the rate of change in absorbance at
410 nm over a fixed-time interval. This rate of change in absorbance is
directly proportional to the ALP activity in the serum.

**5\. Bicarbonate (HCO 3)  
**The DxC800 system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. (ion selective
electrode) methodology to measure the total CO2 level in serum, plasma or
urine.  The system measures the rate of pH change as CO2 ions diffuse across a
membrane.  The electrode used for CO2 determination is actually a pH electrode
with the tip covered by a silicone rubber membrane and lowers the pH of a
bicarbonate solution between the tip of the membrane and the tip of the pH
electrode.  The rate of pH change is directly proportional to the carbon
dioxide (CO2) in the sample.

**6\. Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)  
**The DxC800 modular chemistry (BUN) is used to quantitatively determine the
concentration of blood urea nitrogen in serum or plasma by means of the
enzymatic conductivity rate method.  A precise volume of sample is injected
into the urease reagent in a reaction cup containing an electrode that
responds to changes in solution conductivity.  Electronic circuits determine
the rate of increase in conductivity, which is directly proportional to the
concentration of urea in the sample.

**7\. Calcium**  
The DxC800 system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. (ion selective electrode)
methodology to measure calcium concentration in serum, plasma, or urine. A
calcium ion selective electrode measures un-bound free calcium ions in
solution. The system determines calcium concentration by measuring calcium ion
activity in solution. When the sample buffer mixture contacts the electrode,
calcium ions complex with the ionophore at the electrode surface. Changes in
potential develop at the electrode surface as the reaction occurs. These
changes in potential are referenced to a sodium reference electrode. The
reference signal is used in calculating the analyte concentrations based on
the Nernst equation.

**8\. Cholesterol  
**The DxC800 uses the timed-endpoint method to measure the cholesterol
concentration in serum or plasma.  In the reaction, the cholesterol esterase
hydrolyzes cholesterol esters to free cholesterol and fatty acids.  The free
cholesterol is oxidized to cholesten-3-one and hydrogen peroxide by
cholesterol oxidase.  Peroxidase catalyzes the reaction of hydrogen peroxide
with 4-aminoantipyrine and phenol to produce a colored quinoneimine product.
The system monitors the change in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed-time
interval.  The change in absorbance is directly proportional to the
concentration of cholesterol in the sample.

**9\. Creatinine  
**The DxC800 modular chemistry side uses the Jaffe rate method (kinetic
alkaline picrate) to determine the concentration of creatinine in serum,
plasma, or urine. The creatinine calibration is traceable to an isotope
dilution mass spectrometry (IDMS) reference method. The method on the DxC800
is IDMS Standardized. A precise volume of sample is introduced into a reaction
cup containing an alkaline picrate solution. Absorbance readings are taken at
520 nm between 19 and 25 seconds after sample injection. Creatinine from the
sample combines with the reagent to produce a red color complex. The
absorbance rate has been shown to be a direct measure of the concentration of
the creatinine in the sample.

**10\. Creatine phosphokinase  
**The DxC800 use an enzymatic rate method to determine CK activity in serum or
plasma. In the reaction, the CK catalyzes the transfer of a phosphate group
from the creatine phosphate substrate to adenosine diphosphate (ADP). The
subsequent formation of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) is measured through the
use of two coupled reactions catalyzed by hexokinase (HK) and
glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) which results in the production of ß
Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (reduced form) (NADH) from ß Nicotinamide
Adenine Dinucleotide (NAD). The system monitors the rate of change in
absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed time interval. The rate of change in
absorbance is directly proportional to the activity of CK in the sample.

**11\. Gammaglutamyl Transaminase (GGT)  
**The DxC800 uses an enzymatic rate method to determine the GGT activity in
serum or plasma.  In the reaction, the GGT catalyzes the transfer of a gamma-
glutamyl group from the colorless substrate, gamma-glutamyl-p-nitroaniline, to
the acceptor, glycylglycine with production of the colored product,
p-nitroaniline.  The system monitors the rate of change in absorbance at 410
nm over a fixed-time interval.  The rate of change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the activity of GGT in the sample.

**12\. Glucose**  
On the Modular Chemistry side of the DxC800, glucose concentration in biologic
fluids is determined by the oxygen rate method employing a Beckman Oxygen
electrode (glucose oxidase method).  A precise volume of sample is introduced
in a reaction cup containing an electrode that responds to oxygen
concentration.  Electronic circuits determine the rate of oxygen consumption,
which is directly proportional to the concentration of glucose in the sample.

**13\. Iron  
**The DcX800 method used to measure the iron concentration is a timed-endpoint
method.  In the reaction, iron is released from transferrin by acetic acid and
is reduced to the ferrous state by hydroxylamine and thioglycolate.  The
ferrous ion is immediately complexed with the FerroZine Iron Reagent.  The
system monitors the change in absorbance at 560 nm at a fixed-time interval.
This change in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of
iron in the sample.

**14\. Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)**  
The DxC800 with LD reagent (using lactate as substrate) utilizes an enzymatic
rate method to measure LD activity in biological fluids. In the reaction, the
LD catalyzes the reversible oxidation of L Lactate to Pyruvate with the
concurrent reduction of ß Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (NAD) to ß
Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (reduced form) (NADH). The system monitors
the rate of change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval. The
rate of change in absorbance is directly proportional to the activity of LD in
the sample.

**15\. Phosphorus**  
The DxC800 system uses a timed-rate method to determine the concentration of
phosphorus in serum, plasma and urine.  In the reaction, inorganic phosphorus
reacts with ammonium molybdate in an acidic solution to form a colored
phosphomolybdate complex.  The system monitors the change in absorbance at 365
nm at a fixed-time interval.  This change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of phosphorus in the sample.

**16.-18. Potassium, Chloride, Sodium  
****Potassium** ion concentration is measured by electrolyte activity in
solution. The DxC800 system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. (ion selective
electrode) methodology to measure potassium in biological fluids. The
potassium electrode consists of valinomycin membrane. The voltage (potential)
change that takes place within the membrane follows the Nernst equation and
allows the calculation of potassium concentration in solution.  
  
**Chloride** is measured using an Ag/AgCl electrode. At the face of the
electrode, solid AgCl dissolves to the extent as to saturate the solution
around the tip with silver (Ag+) and Chloride (Cl-) ions until equilibrium is
established. The product of the ion concentrations in solution, at
equilibrium, with an excess of the slightly soluble AgCl is defined as the
solubility product constant (Ksp). When chloride sample is added, the Ksp of
the solution at the tip is disrupted as AgCl precipitates out of solution. To
reestablish the equilibrium, Ag+ ions are generated from the tip causing a
change in the potential. According to the Nernst equation, this change is
proportional to the concentration of chloride in the sample.  
  
**Sodium** is measured by the DxC800 system by utilizing indirect (or diluted)
I.S.E. (ion selective electrode) methodology. The DxC800 determines sodium ion
concentration in biological fluids by measuring electrolyte activity in
solution. When the sample/buffer mixture contacts the electrode, sodium ions
undergo an ion exchange in the hydrated outer layer of the glass electrode. As
the ion exchange takes place, a change in voltage (potential) is developed at
the face of the electrode. The potential follows the Nernst equation and
allows the calculation of sodium concentration in a solution.****

**19\. Total Bilirubin**  
The DxC800 uses a timed-endpoint Diazo method (Jendrassik-Grof) to measure the
concentration of total bilirubin in serum or plasma. In the reaction,
bilirubin reacts with diazo reagent in the presence of caffeine, benzoate, and
acetate as accelerators to form azobilirubin. The system monitors the change
in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed-time interval. This change in absorbance is
directly proportional to the concentration of total bilirubin in the sample.

**20\. Total Protein**  
The DxC800 uses a timed rate biuret method to measure the concentration of
total protein in serum or plasma. Proteins in the sample combine with the
reagent producing alkaline copper-protein chelate. The rate change in
absorbance is monitored by a detector at 545 nm. The observed rate of chelate
formation is directly proportional to the total protein concentration in the
sample.

**21\. Triglycerides**  
The DxC800 uses a timed-endpoint method to determine the concentration of
triglycerides in serum or plasma. Triglycerides in the sample are hydrolyzed
to glycerol and free fatty acids by the action of lipase. A sequence of three
coupled enzymatic steps using glycerol kinase (GK), glycerophosphate oxidase
(GPO), and horseradish peroxidase (HPO) causes the oxidative coupling of
3,5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzenesulfonic acid (DHBS) with 4-aminoantipyrine to
form a red quinoneimine dye. The system monitors the change in absorbance at
520 nm for a fixed-time interval. The change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of triglycerides in the sample.  ** **

**22\. Uric Acid**  
The DxC800 uses a timed endpoint method to measure the concentration of uric
acid in serum, plasma or urine. Uric acid is oxidized by uricase to produce
allatoin and hydrogen peroxide. The hydrogen peroxide reacts with
4-aminoantipyrine (4-AAP) and 3, 5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzene sulfonate (DCHBS)
in a reaction catalyzed by peroxidase to produce a colored product. The system
monitors the change in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed time interval. The
change in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of uric
acid in the sample.

## Data Processing and Editing

The analytical methods are described in the _Description of Laboratory
Methodology_ section above.

Many variables were created in this data file. The formula for their creation
is as follows:

LBXSAL and LBDSALSI  
The albumin in g/dL (LBXSAL) was converted to g/L (LBDSALSI) by multiplying by
10.

LBXSBU and LBDSBUSI  
The blood urea nitrogen (BUN) in mg/dL (LBXSBU) was converted to mmol/L
(LBDSBUSI) by multiplying by 0.357

LBXSCA and LBDSCASI  
The calcium in mg/dL (LBXSCA) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSCASI) by
multiplying by 0.250

LBXSCH and LBDSCHSI  
The cholesterol in mg/dL (LBXSCH) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSCHSI) by
multiplying by 0.02586.

LBXSCR and LBDSCRSI  
The creatinine in mg/dL (LBXSCR) was converted to µmol/L (LBDSCRSI) by
multiplying by 88.4.

LBXSGL and LBDSGLSI  
The glucose in mg/dL (LBXSGL) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSGLSI) by
multiplying by 0.05551.

LBXSIR and LBDSIRSI  
The iron in µg/dL (LBXSIR) was converted to µmol/L (LBDSIRSI) by multiplying
by 0.1791.

LBXSPH and LBDSPHSI  
The phosphorus in mg/dL (LBXSPH) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSPHSI) by
multiplying by 0.3229.

LBXSTB and LBDSTBSI  
The total bilirubin in mg/dL (LBXSTB) was converted to µmol/L (LBDSTBSI) by
multiplying by 17.1.

LBXSTP and LBDSTPSI  
The total protein in g/dL (LBXSTP) was converted to g/L (LBDSTPSI) by
multiplying by 10.

LBXSTR and LBDSTRSI  
The triglycerides in mg/dL (LBXSTR) were converted to mmol/L (LBDSTRSI) by
multiplying by 0.01129.

LBXSTR and LBDSTRSI  
The uric acid in mg/dL (LBXSUA) was converted to µmol/L (LBDSUASI) by
multiplying by 59.48.

LBXSGB and LBDSGBSI  
The globulin in g/dL (LBXSGB) was converted to g/L (LBDSGBSI) by multiplying
by 10.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual
(LPM).

## Analytic Notes

Refer to the 2011-2012 [Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2011)
for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

The analysis of NHANES 2011-2012 laboratory data must be conducted using the
appropriate survey design and demographic variables. The [NHANES 2011-2012
Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&CycleBeginYear=2011)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample weight variables.
The [Fasting Questionnaire
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/2011-2012/fastqx_g.htm) includes
auxiliary information such as fasting status, the time of venipuncture, and
the conditions precluding venipuncture. The demographics and fasting
questionnaire files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

LBXSTR: Triglycerides  
This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXTR), rather
than the (LBXSTR) value, is generally recommended. For most triglyceride
analyses, the appropriate variable to use is (LBXTR). The value from the
biochemistry profile (LBXSTR) should not be used routinely.

LBXSCH: Total Cholesterol  
This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXTC), rather
than the (LBXSCH) value, is generally recommended. For most analyses of serum
cholesterol, the appropriate variable to use will be (LBXTC). The (LBXSCH)
value from the biochemistry profile should not be used routinely

LBXSGL: Glucose  
This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXGLU), rather
than the (LBXSGL) value, is generally recommended. These serum glucose values
(LBXSGL) reported in this release should not be used to determine undiagnosed
diabetes or prediabetes. Instead, plasma glucose values (LBXGLU) should be
used based on the reference analytic method of this analyte. Use the special
weights included in this glucose data file when analyzing data.

Exam sample weights should be used for analyses. Please refer to the NHANES
[Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line NHANES [Tutorial](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/)  for further
details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

## References

  * Myers, GL et al. Recommendations for improving serum creatinine measurement: A report from the laboratory working group of the National Kidney Disease Education Program. Clin. Chem. 2006:5-18.
  * Selvin E, Manzi J, Stevens LA, Van Lente F, Lacher DA, Levey AS et al. Calibration of serum creatinine in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) 1988-1994, 1999-2004. Am J Kidney Dis 2007; 50(6):918-926.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXSAL - Albumin (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSAL
SAS Label:

    Albumin (g/dL)
English Text:

    Albumin (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.1 to 5.5 | Range of Values | 5976 | 5976 |   
. | Missing | 573 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSALSI - Albumin (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSALSI
SAS Label:

    Albumin (g/L)
English Text:

    Albumin (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
21 to 55 | Range of Values | 5976 | 5976 |   
. | Missing | 573 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSATSI - Alanine aminotransferase ALT (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSATSI
SAS Label:

    Alanine aminotransferase ALT (U/L)
English Text:

    Alanine aminotransferase ALT (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5 to 1363 | Range of Values | 5972 | 5972 |   
. | Missing | 577 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSASSI - Aspartate aminotransferase AST (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSASSI
SAS Label:

    Aspartate aminotransferase AST (U/L)
English Text:

    Aspartate aminotransferase AST (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7 to 597 | Range of Values | 5969 | 5969 |   
. | Missing | 580 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSAPSI - Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSAPSI
SAS Label:

    Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
English Text:

    Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7 to 729 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSBU - Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSBU
SAS Label:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 to 95 | Range of Values | 5975 | 5975 |   
. | Missing | 574 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSBUSI - Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSBUSI
SAS Label:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.71 to 33.92 | Range of Values | 5975 | 5975 |   
. | Missing | 574 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSCA - Total calcium (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCA
SAS Label:

    Total calcium (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total calcium (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6.5 to 11.3 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSCASI - Total calcium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCASI
SAS Label:

    Total calcium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Total calcium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.625 to 2.825 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSCK - Creatine Phosphokinase(CPK) (IU/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCK
SAS Label:

    Creatine Phosphokinase(CPK) (IU/L)
English Text:

    Creatine Phosphokinase(CPK) (IU/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
15 to 3892 | Range of Values | 5968 | 5968 |   
. | Missing | 581 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSCH - Cholesterol (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCH
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6 to 502 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSCHSI - Cholesterol (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCHSI
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.155 to 12.982 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSC3SI
SAS Label:

    Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
16 to 37 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSCR - Creatinine (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCR
SAS Label:

    Creatinine (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Creatinine (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.16 to 9.51 | Range of Values | 5976 | 5976 |   
. | Missing | 573 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSCRSI - Creatinine (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCRSI
SAS Label:

    Creatinine (umol/L)
English Text:

    Creatinine (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
14.14 to 840.68 | Range of Values | 5976 | 5976 |   
. | Missing | 573 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSGTSI - Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGTSI
SAS Label:

    Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)
English Text:

    Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
4 to 1136 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSGL - Glucose, serum (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGL
SAS Label:

    Glucose, serum (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Glucose, serum (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
31 to 617 | Range of Values | 5976 | 5976 |   
. | Missing | 573 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSGLSI - Glucose, serum (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSGLSI
SAS Label:

    Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.72 to 34.25 | Range of Values | 5976 | 5976 |   
. | Missing | 573 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSIR - Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSIR
SAS Label:

    Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5 to 428 | Range of Values | 5969 | 5969 |   
. | Missing | 580 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSIRSI - Iron, refigerated (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSIRSI
SAS Label:

    Iron, refigerated (umol/L)
English Text:

    Iron, refigerated (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.9 to 76.7 | Range of Values | 5969 | 5969 |   
. | Missing | 580 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSLDSI - Lactate dehydrogenase (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSLDSI
SAS Label:

    Lactate dehydrogenase (U/L)
English Text:

    Lactate dehydrogenase (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
32 to 491 | Range of Values | 5969 | 5969 |   
. | Missing | 580 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSPH
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.6 to 7.2 | Range of Values | 5976 | 5976 |   
. | Missing | 573 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSPHSI
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.517 to 2.325 | Range of Values | 5976 | 5976 |   
. | Missing | 573 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSTB - Total bilirubin (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTB
SAS Label:

    Total bilirubin (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total bilirubin (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.1 to 4.4 | Range of Values | 5969 | 5969 |   
. | Missing | 580 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSTBSI - Total bilirubin (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTBSI
SAS Label:

    Total bilirubin (umol/L)
English Text:

    Total bilirubin (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.71 to 75.24 | Range of Values | 5969 | 5969 |   
. | Missing | 580 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSTP - Total protein (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTP
SAS Label:

    Total protein (g/dL)
English Text:

    Total protein (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5.2 to 9.5 | Range of Values | 5967 | 5967 |   
. | Missing | 582 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSTPSI - Total protein (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTPSI
SAS Label:

    Total protein (g/L)
English Text:

    Total protein (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
52 to 95 | Range of Values | 5967 | 5967 |   
. | Missing | 582 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSUA
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.4 to 11.3 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSUASI
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (umol/L)
English Text:

    Uric acid (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
23.8 to 672.1 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSNASI
SAS Label:

    Sodium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Sodium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
102 to 153 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSKSI
SAS Label:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.3 to 7.3 | Range of Values | 5973 | 5973 |   
. | Missing | 576 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCLSI
SAS Label:

    Chloride (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Chloride (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
70 to 115 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSOSSI - Osmolality (mmol/Kg)

Variable Name:

    LBXSOSSI
SAS Label:

    Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
English Text:

    Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
207 to 315 | Range of Values | 5974 | 5974 |   
. | Missing | 575 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSGB - Globulin (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGB
SAS Label:

    Globulin (g/dL)
English Text:

    Globulin (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.7 to 5.9 | Range of Values | 5967 | 5967 |   
. | Missing | 582 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSGBSI - Globulin (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSGBSI
SAS Label:

    Globulin (g/L)
English Text:

    Globulin (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7 to 59 | Range of Values | 5967 | 5967 |   
. | Missing | 582 | 6549 |   
  
### LBXSTR - Triglycerides (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTR
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Triglycerides (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
12 to 3187 | Range of Values | 5969 | 5969 |   
. | Missing | 580 | 6549 |   
  
### LBDSTRSI - Triglycerides (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTRSI
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Triglycerides (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.135 to 35.981 | Range of Values | 5969 | 5969 |   
. | Missing | 580 | 6549 | 

