ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXSAL - Albumin (g/dL)
    * LBDSALSI - Albumin (g/L)
    * LBXSATSI - Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (U/L)
    * LBXSASSI - Asparate aminotransferase (AST) (U/L)
    * LBXSAPSI - Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
    * LBXSBU - Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
    * LBXSCA - Total calcium (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCASI - Total calcium (mmol/L)
    * LBDSBUSI - Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCH - Cholesterol (mg/dL) 
    * LBDSCHSI - Cholesterol (mmol/L)
    * LBXSC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCR - Creatinine (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCRSI - Creatinine (Âµmol/L)
    * LBXSGTSI - Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)
    * LBXSGL - Glucose, serum (mg/dL)
    * LBDSGLSI - Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
    * LBXSIR - Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)
    * LBDSIRSI - Iron, refigerated (umol/L)
    * LBXSLDSI - Lactate dehydrogenase LDH (U/L)
    * LBXSPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)
    * LBDSPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)
    * LBXSTB - Total bilirubin (mg/dL)
    * LBDSTBSI - Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
    * LBXSTP - Total protein (g/dL)
    * LBDSTPSI - Total protein (g/L)
    * LBXSTR - Triglycerides (mg/dL) 
    * LBDSTRSI - Triglycerides (mmol/L)
    * LBXSUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)
    * LBDSUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)
    * LBXSNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)
    * LBXSOSSI - Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
    * LBXSGB - Globulin (g/dL)
    * LBDSGBSI - Globulin (g/L)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2007-2008 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Standard Biochemistry Profile (BIOPRO_E)

####  Data File: BIOPRO_E.xpt

#####  First Published: September 2009

#####  Last Revised: June 2010

#####  Note: Alkaline phosphatase, Calcium, Creatinine, and Sodium have been
added to this file. See analytic note for serum creatinine.

## Component Description

This battery of measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
certain liver, heart, and kidney diseases, acid-base imbalance in the
respiratory and metabolic systems, other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrine disorders as well as other metabolic or nutritional
disorders.

**1\. Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)**  
Alanine aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment
of certain liver diseases (e.g., viral hepatitis and cirrhosis) and heart
diseases. Elevated levels of the transaminases can indicate myocardial
infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage. Serum
elevations of ALT activity are rarely observed except in parenchymal liver
disease, since ALT is a more liver-specific enzyme than aspartate
aminotransferase (AST).

**2\. Albumin  
**Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous
diseases primarily involving the liver or kidneys

**3\. Alkaline phosphatase  
**Alkaline phosphatase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
liver, bone, and parathyroid disease.

**4\. Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)**  
AST measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of
liver and heart disease. Elevated levels of the transaminases can signal
myocardial infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage.

**5\. Bicarbonate (HCO 3)**  
Together with pH determination, bicarbonate measurements are used in the
diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated
with acid-base imbalance in the respiratory and metabolic systems.

**6\. Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)**  
BUN measurements are used in the diagnosis of certain renal and metabolic
diseases. The determination of serum urea nitrogen is the most widely used
test for the evaluation of kidney function. The test is frequently requested
in conjunction with the serum creatinine test for the differential diagnosis
of prerenal, renal, and postrenal uremia. High BUN levels are associated with
impaired renal function, increased protein catabolism, nephritis, intestinal
obstruction, urinary obstruction, metallic poisoning, cardiac failure,
peritonitis, dehydration, malignancy, pneumonia, surgical shock, Addison's
disease, and uremia. Low BUN levels are associated with amyloidosis, acute
liver disease, pregnancy, and nephrosis. Normal variations are observed
according to a person's age and sex, the time of day, and diet, particularly
protein intake.

**7\. Calcium**  
Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid
disease, bone diseases, chronic renal disease and tetany. Urinary calcium
measurement is used in the differential diagnosis of hypercaluria.

**8\. Cholesterol  
**An elevated cholesterol level is associated with diabetes, nephrosis,
hypothyroidism, biliary obstruction, and those rare cases of idiopathic
hypercholesterolemia and hyperlipidemia; low levels are associated with
hyperthyroidism, hepatitis, and sometimes severe anemia or infection.

**9\. Creatinine**  
Creatinine measurements are useful in the diagnosis and treatment of renal
diseases.

**10\. Gammaglutamyl Transaminase (GGT)  
**GT measurement is principally used to diagnose and monitor hepatobiliary
disease. It is currently the most sensitive enzymatic indicator of liver
disease, with normal values rarely found in the presence of hepatic disease.
It is also used as a sensitive screening test for occult alcoholism. Elevated
levels are found in patients who chronically take drugs such as phenobarbital
and phenytoin.

**11\. Glucose**  
Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic
islet cell carcinoma and of carbohydrate metabolism disorders, including
diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia.  
  
**12\. Iron  
**Iron (non-heme) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
diseases such as iron deficiency anemia, chronic renal disease, and
hemochromatosis (a disease associated with widespread deposit in the tissues
of two iron-containing pigments, hemosiderin and hemofuscin, and characterized
by pigmentation of the skin).

**13\. Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)**  
LDH measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases
such as acute viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, and metastatic carcinoma of the
liver; cardiac diseases such as myocardial infarction; and tumors of the lungs
or kidneys.

**14\. Phosphorus  
**There is a reciprocal relationship between serum calcium and inorganic
phosphorus. Any increase in the level of inorganic phosphorus causes a
decrease in the calcium level by a mechanism not clearly understood.
Hyperphosphatemia is associated with vitamin D hypervitaminosis,
hypoparathyroidism, and renal failure. Hypophosphatemia is associated with
rickets, hyperparathyroidism, and Fanconi syndrome.

Measurements of inorganic phosphorus are used in the diagnosis and treatment
of various disorders, including parathyroid gland, kidney diseases, and
vitamin D imbalance.

**15-17. Potassium, Chloride, and Sodium  
**Hypokalemia (low serum potassium level) is associated with body potassium
deficiency, excessive potassium loss caused by prolonged diarrhea or prolonged
periods of vomiting and increased secretion of mineralocorticosteroids.
Hyperkalemia (increased serum potassium level) is associated with oliguria,
anuria, and urinary obstruction.  
  
Low serum chloride values are associated with salt-losing nephritis;
Addisonian crisis, prolonged vomiting, and metabolic acidosis caused by
excessive production or diminished excretion of acids. High serum chloride
values are associated with dehydration and conditions causing decreased renal
blood flow, such as congestive heart failure.  
  
Sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases
involving electrolyte imbalance.

**18\. Total Bilirubin  
**Elevated levels are associated with hemolytic jaundice, paroxysmal
hemoglobinuria, pernicious anemia, polycythemia, icterus neonatorum, internal
hemorrhage, acute hemolytic anemia, malaria, and septicemia.  
  
Low bilirubin levels are associated with aplastic anemia, and certain types of
secondary anemia resulting from toxic therapy for carcinoma and chronic
nephritis.

**19\. Total Protein**  
Total protein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of a
variety of diseases involving the liver, kidney, or bone marrow, as well as
other metabolic or nutritional disorders.  
  
**20\. Triglycerides**  
Triglyceride measurements are used in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus,
nephrosis, liver obstruction, and other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrine disorders and in the treatment of patients with these
diseases.

**21\. Uric Acid  
**Uric acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous
renal and metabolic disorders, including renal failure, gout, leukemia,
psoriasis, starvation, or other wasting conditions and in the treatment of
patients receiving cytotoxic drugs.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 12 year and older are tested.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

Serum specimens are processed, stored, and shipped to the Collaborative
Laboratory Services for analysis.

Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are discussed in the
NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Vials are
stored under appropriate frozen (â30Â°C) conditions until they are shipped
to National Center for Environmental Health for testing.

The 21 analytes described in these methods constitute the routine biochemistry
profile. **The analyses were performed using a Beckman Synchron LX20 and
Beckman UniCelÂ® DxC800 Synchron.** Each analyte is described separately
within each pertinent section of this document. NOTE: Glucose, cholesterol,
and triglycerides were analyzed as part of this profile, but the results do
not replace the formalized reference methods data from NHANES 2005-2006
samples analyzed at other institutions.

**1\. Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)  
**The LX20 uses an enzymatic rate method to measure ALT activity in serum or
plasma. In the reaction, ALT catalyzes the reversible transamination of
L-alanine and a-ketoglutarate to pyruvate and L-glutamate. The pyruvate is
then reduced to lactate in the presence of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) with
the concurrent oxidation of NADH to NAD. The system monitors the rate of
change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval. The rate of change
in absorbance is directly proportional to the ALT activity in the sample.  
Â  
The DxC800 uses a kinetic rate method to measure ALT activity in serum or
plasma.Â In the reaction, ALT catalyzes the reversible transamination of
L-alanine andÂ a-ketoglutarate to pyruvate and L-glutamate.Â The pyruvate is
then reduced to lactate in the presence of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) with
the concurrent oxidation of NADH to NAD.Â The system monitors the rate of
change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval.Â The rate of change
in absorbance is directly proportional to the ALT activity in the sample.

ALT measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver and heart
disease.

**2\. Albumin  
**The LX20 method used to measure the albumin concentration on the LX20 is a
bichromatic digital endpoint method. In the reaction, the albumin combines
with Bromcresol Purple (BCP) reagent to form a complex. The system monitors
the change in absorbance at 600 nm. The change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of albumin in the sample.

The DcX800 method is used to measure the albumin concentration as a
bichromatic digital endpoint method. In the reaction, the albumin combines
with Bromcresol Purple (BCP) reagent to form a complex. The system monitors
the change in absorbance at 600 nm. The change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of albumin in the sample.

Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases
involving the liver and/or kidneys and are frequently used to assess
nutritional status because plasma levels of albumin are dependent on protein
intake.

**3\. Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)**  
The LX20 uses an enzymatic rate method to measure the AST activity in serum or
plasma. In the reaction, the AST catalyzes the reversible transamination of
L-aspartate and a-ketoglutarate to oxaloacetate and L-glutamate. The
oxaloacetate is then reduced to malate in the presence of malate dehydrogenase
with the concurrent oxidation of NADH to NAD. The system monitors the rate of
change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval. The rate of change
in absorbance is directly proportional to the AST activity in the sample.Â

The DxC800 uses an enzymatic rate method to measure the AST activity in serum
or plasma.Â In the reaction, the AST catalyzes the reversible transamination
of L-aspartate and a-ketoglutarate to oxaloacetate and L-glutamate.Â The
oxaloacetate is then reduced to malate in the presence of malate dehydrogenase
with the concurrent oxidation of NADH to NAD.Â The system monitors the rate of
change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval.Â The rate of change
in absorbance is directly proportional to the AST activity in the sample.

AST measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of
liver and heart diseases.

**4\. Alkaline phosphatase  
**The LX system uses an enzymatic rate using a 2-amino-2-methyl-1-propanol
(AMP) buffer to measure ALP activity in serum or plasma. In the reaction, the
ALP catalyzes the hydrolysis of the colorless organic phosphate ester
substrate, p-Nitrophenylphosphate, to the yellow colored product p-Nitrophenol
and phosphate. This reaction occurs at an alkaline pH of 10.3. The system
monitors the rate of change in absorbance at 410 nm over a fixed-time
interval. This rate of change in absorbance is directly proportional to the
ALP activity in the serum.  
  
The DxC system uses a kinetic rate method using a 2-Amino-2-Methyl-1-Propanol
(AMP) buffer to measure ALP activity in serum or plasma. In the reaction, the
ALP catalyzes the hydrolysis of the colorless organic phosphate ester
substrate, p-Nitrophenylphosphate, to the yellow colored product p-Nitrophenol
and phosphate. This reaction occurs at an alkaline pH of 10.3. The system
monitors the rate of change in absorbance at 410 nm over a fixed-time
interval. This rate of change in absorbance is directly proportional to the
ALP activity in the serum.

**5\. Bicarbonate (HCO 3)  
**The LX20 system uses indirect (or diluted) ISE methodology to measure the
total CO2 level in serum, plasma or urine. The system measures the rate of pH
change as CO2 ions diffuse across a membrane. The electrode used for CO2
determination is actually a pH electrode with the tip covered by a silicone
rubber membrane and lowers the pH of a bicarbonate solution between the tip of
the membrane and the tip of the pH electrode. The rate of pH change is
directly proportional to the carbon dioxide (CO2) in the sample.Â

The DxC800 system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. (ion selective electrode)
methodology to measure the total CO2 level in serum, plasma or urine.Â The
system measures the rate of pH change as CO2 ions diffuse across a membrane.Â
The electrode used forÂ CO2 determination is actually a pH electrode with the
tip covered by a silicone rubber membrane and lowers the pH of a bicarbonate
solution between the tip of the membrane and the tip of the pH electrode.Â The
rate of pH change is directly proportional to the carbon dioxide (CO2) in the
sample.

Carbon dioxide measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
disorders associated with changes in acid-base balance.

**6\. Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)  
**The LX20 modular chemistry (BUNm) is used to quantitatively determine the
concentration of blood urea nitrogen in serum or plasma by means of the
enzymatic conductivity rate method.Â A precise volume of sample is injected
into the urease reagent in a reaction cup containing an electrode that
responds to changes in solution conductivity.Â Electronic circuits determine
the rate of increase in conductivity, which is directly proportional to the
concentration of urea in the sample.Â

The DxC800 modular chemistry (BUNm) is used to quantitatively determine the
concentration of blood urea nitrogen in serum or plasma by means of the
enzymatic conductivity rate method.Â A precise volume of sample is injected
into the urease reagent in a reaction cup containing an electrode that
responds to changes in solution conductivity.Â Electronic circuits determine
the rate of increase in conductivity, which is directly proportional to the
concentration of urea in the sample.

Urea nitrogen measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain
renal and metabolic diseases in conjunction with creatinine measurements.

**7\. Calcium**  
The LX20 system uses indirect (or diluted) ISE methodology to measure calcium
concentration in serum, plasma, or urine. The system determines calcium
concentration by measuring calcium ion activity in solution. When the sample
buffer mixture contacts the electrode, calcium ions complex with the ionophore
at the electrode surface. Changes in potential develop at the electrode
surface as the reaction occurs. These changes in potential are referenced to a
sodium reference electrode. The reference signal is used in calculating the
analyte concentrations based on the Nernst equation.  
  
The DxC800 system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. (ion selective electrode)
methodology to measure calcium concentration in serum, plasma, or urine. A
calcium ion selective electrode measures un-bound free calcium ions in
solution. The system determines calcium concentration by measuring calcium ion
activity in solution. When the sample buffer mixture contacts the electrode,
calcium ions complex with the ionophore at the electrode surface. Changes in
potential develop at the electrode surface as the reaction occurs. These
changes in potential are referenced to a sodium reference electrode. The
reference signal is used in calculating the analyte concentrations based on
the Nernst equation.

**8\. Cholesterol  
**The LX20 uses the timed-endpoint method to measure the cholesterol
concentration in serum or plasma. In the reaction, the cholesterol esterase
hydrolyzes cholesterol esters to free cholesterol and fatty acids. The free
cholesterol is oxidized to cholesten-3-one and hydrogen peroxide by
cholesterol oxidase. Peroxidase catalyzes the reaction of hydrogen peroxide
with 4-aminoantipyrine and phenol to produce a colored quinoneimine product.
The system monitors the change in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed-time
interval. The change in absorbance is directly proportional to the
concentration of cholesterol in the sample.

The DxC800 uses the timed-endpoint method to measure the cholesterol
concentration in serum or plasma.Â In the reaction, the cholesterol esterase
hydrolyzes cholesterol esters to free cholesterol and fatty acids.Â The free
cholesterol is oxidized to cholesten-3-one and hydrogen peroxide by
cholesterol oxidase.Â Peroxidase catalyzes the reaction of hydrogen peroxide
with 4-aminoantipyrine and phenol to produce a colored quinoneimine product.Â
The system monitors the change in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed-time
interval.Â The change in absorbance is directly proportional to the
concentration of cholesterol in the sample.

Cholesterol measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
atherosclerotic coronary artery disease and in the diagnosis of metabolic
disorders involving lipids and lipoproteins.

**9\. Creatinine  
**The LX20 modular chemistry side uses the Jaffe rate method (kinetic alkaline
picrate) to determine the concentration of creatinine in serum, plasma, or
urine. A precise volume of sample is introduced into a reaction cup containing
an alkaline picrate solution. Absorbance readings are taken at both 520 nm and
560 nm. Creatinine from the sample combines with the reagent to produce a red
color complex. The observed rate measurement at 25.6 seconds after sample
introduction has been shown to be a direct measure of the concentration of the
creatinine in the sample.  
  
The DxC800 modular chemistry side uses the Jaffe rate method (kinetic alkaline
picrate) to determine the concentration of creatinine in serum, plasma, or
urine. The creatinine calibration is traceable to an isotope dilution mass
spectrometry (IDMS) reference method. The method on the DxC800 is IDMS
Standardized. A precise volume of sample is introduced into a reaction cup
containing an alkaline picrate solution. Absorbance readings are taken at 520
nm between 19 and 25 seconds after sample injection. Creatinine from the
sample combines with the reagent to produce a red color complex. The
absorbance rate has been shown to be a direct measure of the concentration of
the creatinine in the sample.

**10\. Gammaglutamyl Transaminase (GGT)  
**The LX20 uses an enzymatic rate method to determine the GGT activity in
serum or plasma. In the reaction, the GGT catalyzes the transfer of a gamma-
glutamyl group from the colorless substrate, gamma-glutamyl-p-nitroaniline, to
the acceptor, glycylglycine with production of the colored product,
p-nitroaniline. The system monitors the rate of change in absorbance at 410 nm
over a fixed-time interval. The rate of change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the activity of GGT in the sample.Â

The DxC800 uses an enzymatic rate method to determine the GGT activity in
serum or plasma.Â In the reaction, the GGT catalyzes the transfer of a gamma-
glutamyl group from the colorless substrate, gamma-glutamyl-p-nitroaniline, to
the acceptor, glycylglycine with production of the colored product,
p-nitroaniline.Â The system monitors the rate of change in absorbance at 410
nm over a fixed-time interval.Â The rate of change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the activity of GGT in the sample.

GGT measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases of the
liver.

**11\. Glucose**  
On the Modular Chemistry side of the LX20, glucose concentration in biologic
fluids is determined by the oxygen rate method employing a Beckman Oxygen
electrode. A precise volume of sample is introduced in a reaction cup
containing an electrode that responds to oxygen concentration. Electronic
circuits determine the rate of oxygen consumption, which is directly
proportional to the concentration of glucose in the sample.Â

On the Modular Chemistry side of the DxC800, glucose concentration in biologic
fluids is determined by the oxygen rate method employing a Beckman Oxygen
electrode (glucose oxidase method).Â A precise volume of sample is introduced
in a reaction cup containing an electrode that responds to oxygen
concentration.Â Electronic circuits determine the rate of oxygen consumption,
which is directly proportional to the concentration of glucose in the sample.

Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of carbohydrate
metabolism disorders.

**12\. Iron  
**The LX20 method used to measure the iron concentration is a timed-endpoint
method. In the reaction, iron is released from transferrin by acetic acid and
is reduced to the ferrous state by hydroxylamine and thioglycolate. The
ferrous ion is immediately complexed with the FerroZine Iron Reagent. The
system monitors the change in absorbance at 560 nm at a fixed-time interval.
This change in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of
iron in the sample.

The DcX800 method used to measure the iron concentration is a timed-endpoint
method.Â In the reaction, iron is released from transferrin by acetic acid and
is reduced to the ferrous state by hydroxylamine and thioglycolate.Â The
ferrous ion is immediately complexed with the FerroZine Iron Reagent.Â The
system monitors the change in absorbance at 560 nm at a fixed-time interval.Â
This change in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of
iron in the sample.

Serum iron measurements in conjunction with total iron binding capacity are
useful in the diagnosis and treatment of disorders relating to iron intake,
absorption, storage, and release mechanisms.Â Such changes are indicative of a
wide range of dysfunctions including anemias, nephrosis, cirrhosis and
hepatitis.

**13\. Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)**  
The LX20 with LD reagent (using lactate as substrate) utilizes an enzymatic
rate method to measure LD activity in biological fluids. In the reaction, the
LD catalyzes the reversible oxidation of L-Lactate to Pyruvate with the
concurrent reduction of Ã-Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (NAD) to
Ã-Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (reduced form) (NADH). The system
monitors the rate of change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time
interval. The rate of change in absorbance is directly proportional to the
activity of LD in the sample.

The DxC800 with LD reagent (using lactate as substrate) utilizes an enzymatic
rate method to measure LD activity in biological fluids. In the reaction, the
LD catalyzes the reversible oxidation of L Lactate to Pyruvate with the
concurrent reduction of Ã Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (NAD) to Ã
Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (reduced form) (NADH). The system monitors
the rate of change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval. The
rate of change in absorbance is directly proportional to the activity of LD in
the sample.

Lactate dehydrogenase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
liver diseases, cardiac diseases and tumors of the lung or kidney.

**14\. Phosphorus**  
The LX20 system uses a timed-rate method to determine the concentration of
phosphorus in serum, plasma and urine. In the reaction, inorganic phosphorus
reacts with ammonium molybdate in an acidic solution to form a colored
phosphomolybdate.

The DxC800 system uses a timed-rate method to determine the concentration of
phosphorus in serum, plasma and urine.Â In the reaction, inorganic phosphorus
reacts with ammonium molybdate in an acidic solution to form a colored
phosphomolybdate complex.Â The system monitors the change in absorbance at 365
nm at a fixed-time interval.Â This change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of phosphorus in the sample.

Phosphorus measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of kidney
disease and disorders involving the parathyroid gland.

**15-17 Potassium, Chloride, Sodium  
**The LX20 system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. methodology to measure
potassium in biological fluids. The system determines potassium ion
concentration by measuring electrolyte activity in solution. The potassium
electrode consists of valinomycin membrane. The voltage (potential) change
that takes place within the membrane follows the Nernst equation and allows
the calculation of potassium concentration in solution.  
  
The LX20 system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. methodology to determine
chloride concentration in biological fluids. Chloride is measured using an
Ag/AgCl electrode. At the face of the electrode, solid AgCl dissolves to the
extent as to saturate the solution around the tip with silver (Ag+) and
Chloride (Cl-) ions until equilibrium is established. The product of the ion
concentrations in solution, at equilibrium, with an excess of the slightly
soluble AgCl is defined as the solubility product constant (Ksp). When
chloride sample is added, the Ksp of the solution at the tip is disrupted as
AgCl precipitates out of solution. To reestablish the equilibrium, Ag+ ions
are generated from the tip causing a change in the potential. According to the
Nernst equation, this change is proportional to the concentration of chloride
in the sample.  
  
The DxC800 system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. (ion selective electrode)
methodology to measure potassium in biological fluids.  
  
**Potassium** ion concentration is measured by electrolyte activity in
solution. The potassium electrode consists of valinomycin membrane. The
voltage (potential) change that takes place within the membrane follows the
Nernst equation and allows the calculation of potassium concentration in
solution.  
  
**Chloride** is measured using an Ag/AgCl electrode. At the face of the
electrode, solid AgCl dissolves to the extent as to saturate the solution
around the tip with silverÂ (Ag+) and ChlorideÂ (Cl-) ions until equilibrium
is established. The product of the ion concentrations in solution, at
equilibrium, with an excess of the slightly soluble AgCl is defined as the
solubility product constant (Ksp). When chloride sample is added, the Ksp of
the solution at the tip is disrupted as AgCl precipitates out of solution. To
reestablish the equilibrium, Ag+ ions are generated from the tip causing a
change in the potential. According to the Nernst equation, this change is
proportional to the concentration of chloride in the sample.  
  
The Beckman LX system utilizes indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. methodology to
determine the concentration of sodium in biological fluids. The LX determines
**sodium** ion concentration by measuring electrolyte activity in solution.
When the sample/buffer mixture contacts the electrode, sodium ions undergo an
ion exchange in the hydrated outer layer of the glass electrode. As the ion
exchange takes place, a change in voltage (potential) is developed at the face
of the electrode. The potential follows the Nernst equation and allows the
calculation of sodium concentration in a solution.  
  
The DxC system utilizes indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. (ion selective electrode)
methodology to determine the concentration of sodium in biological fluids. The
DxC800 determines sodium ion concentration by measuring electrolyte activity
in solution. When the sample/buffer mixture contacts the electrode, sodium
ions undergo an ion exchange in the hydrated outer layer of the glass
electrode. As the ion exchange takes place, a change in voltage (potential) is
developed at the face of the electrode. The potential follows the Nernst
equation and allows the calculation of sodium concentration in a solution.

**18\. Total Bilirubin**  
The LX20 uses a timed-endpoint Diazo method to measure the concentration of
total bilirubin in serum or plasma. In the reaction, bilirubin reacts with
diazo reagent in the presence of caffeine, benzoate, and acetate as
accelerators to form azobilirubin. The system monitors the change in
absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed-time interval. This change in absorbance is
directly proportional to the concentration of total bilirubin in the sample.

The DxC800 uses a timed-endpoint Diazo method (Jendrassik-Grof) to measure the
concentration of total bilirubin in serum or plasma. In the reaction,
bilirubin reacts with diazo reagent in the presence of caffeine, benzoate, and
acetate as accelerators to form azobilirubin. The system monitors the change
in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed-time interval. This change in absorbance is
directly proportional to the concentration of total bilirubin in the sample.

Total bilirubin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver
and hematological disorders.

**19\. Total Protein**  
The LX20 uses a timed rate biuret method to measure the concentration of total
protein in serum or plasma. Proteins in the sample combine with the reagent
producing alkaline copper-protein chelate. The rate change in absorbance is
monitored by a detector at 545 nm. The observed rate of chelate formation is
directly proportional to the total protein concentration in the sample.

The DxC800 uses a timed rate biuret method to measure the concentration of
total protein in serum or plasma. Proteins in the sample combine with the
reagent producing alkaline copper-protein chelate. The rate change in
absorbance is monitored by a detector at 545 nm. The observed rate of chelate
formation is directly proportional to the total protein concentration in the
sample.

Total protein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
nutritional disorders and diseases involving the liver, kidney or bone marrow.

**20\. Triglycerides**  
The LX20 uses a timed-endpoint method to determine the concentration of
triglycerides in serum or plasma. Triglycerides in the sample are hydrolyzed
to glycerol and free fatty acids by the action of lipase. A sequence of three
coupled enzymatic steps using glycerol kinase (GK), glycerophosphate oxidase
(GPO), and horseradish peroxidase (HPO) causes the oxidative coupling of
3,5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzenesulfonic acid (DHBS) with 4-aminoantipyrine to
form a red quinoneimine dye. The system monitors the change in absorbance at
520 nm for a fixed-time interval. The change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of triglycerides in the sample.

The DxC800 uses a timed-endpoint method to determine the concentration of
triglycerides in serum or plasma. Triglycerides in the sample are hydrolyzed
to glycerol and free fatty acids by the action of lipase. A sequence of three
coupled enzymatic steps using glycerol kinase (GK), glycerophosphate oxidase
(GPO), and horseradish peroxidase (HPO) causes the oxidative coupling of
3,5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzenesulfonic acid (DHBS) with 4-aminoantipyrine to
form a red quinoneimine dye. The system monitors the change in absorbance at
520 nm for a fixed-time interval. The change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of triglycerides in the sample.

Triglyceride measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of lipid
disorders.Â **Â**

**21\. Uric acid**  
The LX20 uses a timed endpoint method to measure the concentration of uric
acid in serum, plasma or urine. Uric acid is oxidized by uricase to produce
allatoin and hydrogen peroxide. The hydrogen peroxide reacts with
4-aminoantipyrine (4-AAP) and 3, 5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzene sulfonate (DCHBS)
in a reaction catalyzed by peroxidase to produce a colored product. The system
monitors the change in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed time interval. The
change in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of uric
acid in the sample.  
  
The DxC800 uses a timed endpoint method to measure the concentration of uric
acid in serum, plasma or urine. Uric acid is oxidized by uricase to produce
allatoin and hydrogen peroxide. The hydrogen peroxide reacts with
4-aminoantipyrine (4-AAP) and 3, 5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzene sulfonate (DCHBS)
in a reaction catalyzed by peroxidase to produce a colored product. The system
monitors the change in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed time interval. The
change in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of uric
acid in the sample.  
  
There were changes (from the previous 2 years of NHANES) to the equipment and
method. There was a change in instruments in 2008. In 2007 the Beckman
Synchron LX20 was used and in 2008 the Beckman Coulter UniCelÂ® DxC800 was
used. The methods used in 2007 are described in a separate document.

## Data Processing and Editing

Many variables were created in this data file. The formula for their creation
is as follows:

LBDSALSI:  
The albumin in g/dL (LBXSAL) was converted to g/L (LBDSALSI) by multiplying by
10.

LBDSBUSI:  
The blood urea nitrogen (BUN) in mg/dL (LBXSBU) was converted to mmol/L
(LBDSBUSI) by multiplying by 0.357

LBDSCASI  
The calcium in mg/dL (LBXSCA) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSCASI) by
multiplying by 0.250

LBDSCHSI  
The cholesterol in mg/dL (LBXSCH) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSCHSI) by
multiplying by 0.02586.

LBDSCRSI  
The creatinine in mg/dL (LBXSCR) was converted to Âµmol/L (LBDSCRSI) by
multiplying by 88.4.

LBDSGLSI  
The glucose in mg/dL (LBXSGL) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSGLSI) by
multiplying by 0.05551.

LBDSIRSI  
The iron in Âµg/dL (LBXSIR) was converted to Âµmol/L (LBDSIRSI) by multiplying
by 0.1791.

LBDSPHSI  
The phosphorus in mg/dL (LBXSPH) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSPHSI) by
multiplying by 0.3229.

LBDSTBSI  
The total bilirubin in mg/dL (LBXSTB) was converted to Âµmol/L (LBDSTBSI) by
multiplying by 17.1.

LBDSTPSI  
The total protein in g/dL (LBXSTP) was converted to g/L (LBDSTPSI) by
multiplying by 10.

LBDSTRSI  
The triglycerides in mg/dL (LBXSTR) were converted to mmol/L (LBDSTRSI) by
multiplying by 0.01129.

LBDSUASI  
The uric acid in mg/dL (LBXSUA) was converted to Âµmol/L (LBDSUASI) by
multiplying by 59.48.

LBDSGBSI  
The globulin in g/dL (LBXSGB) was converted to g/L (LBDSGBSI) by multiplying
by 10.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing can be found at
the NHANES website.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual
(LPM). Read the General Documentation of Laboratory Data file for detailed
QA/QC protocols.

## Analytic Notes

Â

**The Serum creatinine values in NHANES 2007-2008:**  
  
Serum creatinine was performed on two instruments using the same method for
NHANES 2007-2008. In 2007, the Beckman LX-20 was used to analyze serum
creatinine. The 2007 serum creatinine method was not standardized as
recommended by the National Kidney Disease Educational Program (NKDEP) (Myers,
GL et al. 2006). In 2008, the serum creatinine was performed on the Beckman
DXC800 analyzer and was standardized according to NKDEP guidelines. A
crossover study on 537 participants was performed during the instrumentation
change from the LX-20 to the DXC800 and a Deming regression was generated. The
non-standardized participant serum creatinine values from 2007 were adjusted
to standardized values using the Deming regression. The average NHANES
participant values in 2007 were approximately 0.08 mg/dL higher than 2008
participant values. After the Deming regression was applied to 2007
participants, the participant values from 2007 had approximately the same
serum creatinine distribution as participants in 2008. To trend serum
creatinine from NHANES 1999-2008 and NHANES III (1988-1994), the analyst
should adjust serum creatinine for survey periods (Selvin E, et al. 2007).

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted with the key survey
design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES Household Questionnaire
Data Files contain demographic data, health indicators, and other related
information collected during household interviews. They also contain all
survey design variables and sample weights for these age groups. The
phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such as the conditions
precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and phlebotomy files may
be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique survey participant
identifier SEQN.analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES Household
Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health indicators, and
other related information collected during household interviews. They also
contain all survey design variables and sample weights for these age groups.
The phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such as the conditions
precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and phlebotomy files may
be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique survey participant
identifier SEQN.

LBXSTR:  
This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXTR), rather
than the (LBXSTR) value, is generally recommended. For most triglyceride
analyses, the appropriate variable to use is (LBXTR). The value from the
biochemistry profile (LBXSTR) should not be used routinely.

LBXSCH:  
This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXTC), rather
than the (LBXSCH) value, is generally recommended. For most analyses of serum
cholesterol, the appropriate variable to use will be (LBXTC). The (LBXSCH)
value from the biochemistry profile should not be used routinely

LBXSGL  
This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXGLU), rather
than the (LBXSGL) value, is generally recommended. These serum glucose values
(LBXSGL) reported in this release should not be used to determine undiagnosed
diabetes or prediabetes. Instead, plasma glucose values (LBXGLU) should be
used based on the reference analytic method of this analyte. Use the special
weights included in this glucose data file when analyzing data.

Exam sample weights should be used for analyses. Please refer to the Analytic
Guidelines for further details on the use of sample weights and other analytic
issues. The Analytic Guidelines are available on the NHANES website.

## References

  * Myers, GL et al. Recommendations for improving serum creatinine measurement: A report from the laboratory working group of the National Kidney Disease Education Program. Clin. Chem. 2006:5-18.
  * Selvin E, Manzi J, Stevens LA, Van Lente F, Lacher DA, Levey AS et al. Calibration of serum creatinine in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (NHANES) 1988-1994, 1999-2004. Am J Kidney Dis 2007; 50(6):918-926.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXSAL - Albumin (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSAL
SAS Label:

    Albumin (g/dL)
English Text:

    Albumin (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.2 to 5.5 | Range of Values | 6377 | 6377 |   
. | Missing | 540 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSALSI - Albumin (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSALSI
SAS Label:

    Albumin (g/L)
English Text:

    Albumin (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
12 to 55 | Range of Values | 6377 | 6377 |   
. | Missing | 540 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSATSI - Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSATSI
SAS Label:

    Alanine aminotransferase (ALT) (U/L)
English Text:

    Alanine aminotransferase (ALT)(U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
4 to 890 | Range of Values | 6372 | 6372 |   
. | Missing | 545 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSASSI - Asparate aminotransferase (AST) (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSASSI
SAS Label:

    Asparate aminotransferase (AST) (U/L)
English Text:

    Asparate aminotransferase (AST)(U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
8 to 1034 | Range of Values | 6372 | 6372 |   
. | Missing | 545 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSAPSI - Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSAPSI
SAS Label:

    Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
English Text:

    Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
14 to 679 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSBU - Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSBU
SAS Label:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 to 72 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSCA - Total calcium (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCA
SAS Label:

    Total calcium (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total calcium (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7 to 11.5 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSCASI - Total calcium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCASI
SAS Label:

    Total calcium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Total calcium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.75 to 2.875 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSBUSI - Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSBUSI
SAS Label:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.71 to 25.7 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSCH - Cholesterol (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCH
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mg/dL) 
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
74 to 453 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSCHSI - Cholesterol (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCHSI
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.914 to 11.715 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSC3SI
SAS Label:

    Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Bicarbonate(mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
10 to 40 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSCR - Creatinine (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCR
SAS Label:

    Creatinine (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Creatinine (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.31 to 8.32 | Range of Values | 6376 | 6376 |   
. | Missing | 541 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSCRSI - Creatinine (Âµmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCRSI
SAS Label:

    Creatinine (Âµmol/L)
English Text:

    Creatinine (Âµmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
27.4 to 735.49 | Range of Values | 6376 | 6376 |   
. | Missing | 541 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSGTSI - Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGTSI
SAS Label:

    Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)
English Text:

    Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
4 to 892 | Range of Values | 6376 | 6376 |   
. | Missing | 541 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSGL - Glucose, serum (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGL
SAS Label:

    Glucose, serum (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Glucose, serum (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
33 to 559 | Range of Values | 6377 | 6377 |   
. | Missing | 540 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSGLSI - Glucose, serum (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSGLSI
SAS Label:

    Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.83 to 31.03 | Range of Values | 6377 | 6377 |   
. | Missing | 540 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSIR - Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSIR
SAS Label:

    Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7 to 387 | Range of Values | 6372 | 6372 |   
. | Missing | 545 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSIRSI - Iron, refigerated (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSIRSI
SAS Label:

    Iron, refigerated (umol/L)
English Text:

    Iron, refigerated (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.3 to 69.3 | Range of Values | 6372 | 6372 |   
. | Missing | 545 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSLDSI - Lactate dehydrogenase LDH (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSLDSI
SAS Label:

    Lactate dehydrogenase LDH (U/L)
English Text:

    Lactate dehydrogenase LDH (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
50 to 661 | Range of Values | 6373 | 6373 |   
. | Missing | 544 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSPH
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.5 to 7.6 | Range of Values | 6377 | 6377 |   
. | Missing | 540 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSPHSI
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.484 to 2.454 | Range of Values | 6377 | 6377 |   
. | Missing | 540 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSTB - Total bilirubin (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTB
SAS Label:

    Total bilirubin (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total bilirubin (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.1 to 4 | Range of Values | 6372 | 6372 |   
. | Missing | 545 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSTBSI - Bilirubin, total (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTBSI
SAS Label:

    Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
English Text:

    Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.71 to 68.4 | Range of Values | 6372 | 6372 |   
. | Missing | 545 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSTP - Total protein (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTP
SAS Label:

    Total protein (g/dL)
English Text:

    Total protein (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3.4 to 10.4 | Range of Values | 6369 | 6369 |   
. | Missing | 548 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSTPSI - Total protein (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTPSI
SAS Label:

    Total protein (g/L)
English Text:

    Total protein (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
34 to 104 | Range of Values | 6369 | 6369 |   
. | Missing | 548 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSTR - Triglycerides (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTR
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides (mg/dL) 
English Text:

    Triglycerides (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
16 to 3281 | Range of Values | 6373 | 6373 |   
. | Missing | 544 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSTRSI - Triglycerides (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTRSI
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Triglycerides (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.181 to 37.042 | Range of Values | 6373 | 6373 |   
. | Missing | 544 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSUA
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.7 to 13.1 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSUASI
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (umol/L)
English Text:

    Uric acid (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
101.1 to 779.2 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSNASI
SAS Label:

    Sodium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Sodium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
114 to 160 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSKSI
SAS Label:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.5 to 6 | Range of Values | 6374 | 6374 |   
. | Missing | 543 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCLSI
SAS Label:

    Chloride (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Chloride (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
82 to 120 | Range of Values | 6374 | 6374 |   
. | Missing | 543 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSOSSI - Osmolality (mmol/Kg)

Variable Name:

    LBXSOSSI
SAS Label:

    Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
English Text:

    Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
228 to 321 | Range of Values | 6375 | 6375 |   
. | Missing | 542 | 6917 |   
  
### LBXSGB - Globulin (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGB
SAS Label:

    Globulin (g/dL)
English Text:

    Globulin (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 6.5 | Range of Values | 6369 | 6369 |   
. | Missing | 548 | 6917 |   
  
### LBDSGBSI - Globulin (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSGBSI
SAS Label:

    Globulin (g/L)
English Text:

    Globulin (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
10 to 65 | Range of Values | 6369 | 6369 |   
. | Missing | 548 | 6917 | 

