### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Interview Setting and Mode of Administration
  * Quality Assurance & Quality Control
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * SDDSRVYR - Data Release Number
    * RIDSTATR - Interview/Examination Status
    * RIDEXMON - Six month time period
    * RIAGENDR - Gender
    * RIDAGEYR - Age at Screening Adjudicated - Recode
    * RIDAGEMN - Age in Months - Recode
    * RIDAGEEX - Exam Age in Months - Recode
    * RIDRETH1 - Race/Ethnicity - Recode
    * RIDRETH2 - Linked NH3 Race/Ethnicity - Recode 
    * DMQMILIT - Veteran/Military Status
    * DMDBORN - Country of Birth - Recode
    * DMDCITZN - Citizenship Status
    * DMDYRSUS - Length of time in US
    * DMDEDUC3 - Education Level - Children/Youth 6-19
    * DMDEDUC2 - Education Level - Adults 20+
    * DMDEDUC - Education - Recode (old version) 
    * DMDSCHOL - Now attending school?
    * DMDMARTL - Marital Status
    * DMDHHSIZ - Total number of people in the Household
    * INDHHINC - Annual Household Income
    * INDFMINC - Annual Family Income
    * INDFMPIR - Family PIR
    * RIDEXPRG - Pregnancy Status at Exam - Recode
    * RIDPREG - Pregnancy Status - Recode (old version) 
    * DMDHRGND - HH Ref Person Gender
    * DMDHRAGE - HH Ref Person Age
    * DMDHRBRN - HH Ref Person Country of Birth
    * DMDHREDU - HH Ref Person Education Level
    * DMDHRMAR - HH Ref Person Marital Status
    * DMDHSEDU - HH Ref Person's Spouse Education Level
    * WTINT2YR - Full Sample 2 Year Interview Weight
    * WTINT4YR - Full Sample 4 Year Interview Weight 
    * WTMEC2YR - Full Sample 2 Year MEC Exam Weight
    * WTMEC4YR - Full Sample 4 Year MEC Exam Weight 
    * SDMVPSU - Masked Variance Pseudo-PSU
    * SDMVSTRA - Masked Variance Pseudo-Stratum
    * SDJ1REPN - Jack Knife Replicate Number
    * DMAETHN - Logical Imputation Flag for Ethnicity
    * DMARACE - Logical Imputation Flag for Race Recode
    * WTMREP01 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 01
    * WTMREP02 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 02
    * WTMREP03 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 03
    * WTMREP04 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 04
    * WTMREP05 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 05
    * WTMREP06 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 06
    * WTMREP07 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 07
    * WTMREP08 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 08
    * WTMREP09 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 09
    * WTMREP10 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 10
    * WTMREP11 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 11
    * WTMREP12 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 12
    * WTMREP13 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 13
    * WTMREP14 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 14
    * WTMREP15 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 15
    * WTMREP16 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 16
    * WTMREP17 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 17
    * WTMREP18 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 18
    * WTMREP19 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 19
    * WTMREP20 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 20
    * WTMREP21 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 21
    * WTMREP22 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 22
    * WTMREP23 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 23
    * WTMREP24 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 24
    * WTMREP25 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 25
    * WTMREP26 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 26
    * WTMREP27 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 27
    * WTMREP28 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 28
    * WTMREP29 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 29
    * WTMREP30 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 30
    * WTMREP31 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 31
    * WTMREP32 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 32
    * WTMREP33 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 33
    * WTMREP34 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 34
    * WTMREP35 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 35
    * WTMREP36 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 36
    * WTMREP37 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 37
    * WTMREP38 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 38
    * WTMREP39 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 39
    * WTMREP40 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 40
    * WTMREP41 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 41
    * WTMREP42 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 42
    * WTMREP43 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 43
    * WTMREP44 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 44
    * WTMREP45 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 45
    * WTMREP46 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 46
    * WTMREP47 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 47
    * WTMREP48 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 48
    * WTMREP49 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 49
    * WTMREP50 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 50
    * WTMREP51 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 51
    * WTMREP52 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 52
    * WTIREP01 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 01
    * WTIREP02 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 02
    * WTIREP03 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 03
    * WTIREP04 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 04
    * WTIREP05 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 05
    * WTIREP06 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 06
    * WTIREP07 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 07
    * WTIREP08 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 08
    * WTIREP09 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 09
    * WTIREP10 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 10
    * WTIREP11 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 11
    * WTIREP12 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 12
    * WTIREP13 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 13
    * WTIREP14 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 14
    * WTIREP15 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 15
    * WTIREP16 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 16
    * WTIREP17 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 17
    * WTIREP18 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 18
    * WTIREP19 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 19
    * WTIREP20 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 20
    * WTIREP21 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 21
    * WTIREP22 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 22
    * WTIREP23 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 23
    * WTIREP24 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 24
    * WTIREP25 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 25
    * WTIREP26 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 26
    * WTIREP27 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 27
    * WTIREP28 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 28
    * WTIREP29 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 29
    * WTIREP30 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 30
    * WTIREP31 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 31
    * WTIREP32 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 32
    * WTIREP33 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 33
    * WTIREP34 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 34
    * WTIREP35 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 35
    * WTIREP36 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 36
    * WTIREP37 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 37
    * WTIREP38 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 38
    * WTIREP39 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 39
    * WTIREP40 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 40
    * WTIREP41 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 41
    * WTIREP42 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 42
    * WTIREP43 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 43
    * WTIREP44 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 44
    * WTIREP45 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 45
    * WTIREP46 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 46
    * WTIREP47 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 47
    * WTIREP48 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 48
    * WTIREP49 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 49
    * WTIREP50 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 50
    * WTIREP51 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 51
    * WTIREP52 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 52

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 1999-2000 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Demographic Variables & Sample Weights (DEMO)

####  Data File: DEMO.xpt

##### First Published: June 2002

##### Last Revised: September 2009

## Component Description

The NHANES 1999-2000 Demographics File provides the interview and MEC
examination status variable, two-year and four-year sample weights, and
selected demographic variables such as gender, age, race/ethnicity, education,
marital status, country of birth, pregnancy status, total family and household
income, and ratio of income to poverty.

This updated Demographics file includes new information on citizenship, years
of U.S. residence, educational attainment, school attendance, household size,
characteristics of the household reference person, and an indicator variable
for the month of exam. The household reference person is the first household
member, 18 years of age or older who is listed on the screener questionnaire
household member roster who owns or rents the residence where members of the
household reside. Descriptions of the variables that have been added to this
updated Demographics file are included in the Data Processing and Editing
section of the file documentation.

Please note that several questionnaire items that were part of the Family and
Sample Person Demographics questionnaires are not included in the NHANES
1999-2000 public data release file due to concerns about data disclosure and
confidentiality protection.

## Eligible Sample

All survey participants who have a household interview record have a
Demographics file record. The Demographics questionnaire items include family-
level and individual-level information. The target age groups for the
Demographics questions vary. Please review the NHANES 1999-2000 Family and
Sample Person Demographics section questionnaires and codebooks carefully to
review the content of the Demographic file and determine the target age groups
for the questionnaire items.

## Interview Setting and Mode of Administration

Demographics information was collected in the home prior to the health
examination. Computer-assisted personal interviewing (CAPI) methodology was
used. Persons 16 years of age and older and emancipated minors were
interviewed directly. A proxy provided information for survey participants who
were less than 16 years of age and for individuals who could not answer the
questions themselves.

## Quality Assurance & Quality Control

The NHANES computer-assisted personal interview (CAPI) software program that
was used to collect the interview data had built-in data edit and consistency
checks. The data edit checks alerted the interviewer when unusual or
potentially erroneous data values were recorded. The consistency checks were
used to alert the interviewer when information was recorded that was
inconsistent with previous data entries or respondent characteristics such as
the respondent's age. Questionnaire "skip" patterns were pre-programmed in the
questionnaires to reduce respondent burden. Online information screens
provided the interviewers with standardized descriptions of the terminology
and concepts that were used in the questionnaires.

After data collection, interview records were reviewed by the NHANES field
office staff for accuracy and completeness. A subset of the household
interviews was verified by re-contacting the survey participants. The
interviewers were required to record several interviews and the audio-taped
interviews were reviewed by NCHS and contractor staff. The NHANES quality
assurance and quality control procedures are described in the field procedures
manuals that are posted on the NHANES website.

## Data Processing and Editing

**SDDSRVYR** represents the data release number. A code of '1' denotes the
NHANES 1999-2000 data release cycle.

**RIDSTATR** is a recoded variable representing interview and examination
status. The status codes for a small number of sample persons who were
interviewed in their homes, but not examined, were recoded and these
individuals are included in the "interviewed only" category.

**RIDEXMON** is a variable indicating the six month time period when the
examination was performed. A value of "1" indicates November 1st through April
30th; a value of "2" indicates May 1st through October 31st.

**RIDAGEYR** : This is the age of the sample person at the time of the
screening interview. Age in years is reported by single year of age for
persons from 1 through 84 years of age. For older adults, age in years was top
coded at 85 years to reduce the risk of disclosure. All adults 85 years and
older have a RIDAGEYR value of '85'. In NHANES 1999-2000, the weighted mean
age for participants 85 years and older is 88 years.

If exact date of birth information is provided during the interview, this
information is used to calculate the exact age on the date of screening.
Otherwise, an imputed date of birth is created using the following procedures:
When date of birth information is missing or refused, but age in years is
provided by the sample person: If month of birth is missing or not given it is
imputed as 7. If day of birth is missing or not given, it is imputed as 1. If
year of birth is missing or not given, it is imputed as the year of the
screening interview less the age in years provided by the sample person at
screening. Corrections are made to this imputed information for sample persons
who are less than 1 year of age at the time of screening.

**RIDAGEMN** is age in months at household screening, provided only for those
who were less than 85 years of age. If exact date of birth is not provided by
the sample person, then the age in months is calculated based on the imputed
age at screener to allow the sample person to proceed with the questionnaire
and examination.

**RIDAGEEX** is age in months at MEC examination, provided only for those who
were less than 85 years of age (RIDAGEYR < 85) at the time of the household
screening interview. RIDAGEEX was not calculated for individuals with an
imputed age.

**RIDRETH1** : This race/ethnicity variable is derived by combining responses
to questions on race and Hispanic origin. Respondents who self-identified as
"Mexican American" were coded as such (i.e., RIDRETH1=1) regardless of their
other race-ethnicity identities. Otherwise, self-identified "Hispanic"
ethnicity would result in code "2, Other Hispanic" in the RIDRETH1 variable.
All other non-Hispanic participants would then be categorized based on their
self-reported races: non-Hispanic white (RIDRETH1=3), non-Hispanic black
(RIDRETH1=4), and other non-Hispanic race including non-Hispanic multiracial
(RIDRETH1=5).

**RIDRETH2** is the race/ethnicity recode that can be linked to the NHANES III
race/ethnicity variable. Non-Hispanics who indicated more than one race
(multiracial) and then selected a main race as black (non-Hispanic) or white
(non-Hispanic) were recoded into those respective categories. In other cases,
the coding was similar to RIDRETH1.

**DMDBORN** : Country of birth was recoded into three categories: 1) born in
50 U.S. states or Washington, D.C.; 2) born in Mexico; and 3) born in any
other location or foreign country.

**INDFMINC** : This variable is the total family income variable. NCHS used
the U.S. Bureau of the Census Current Population Survey (CPS) definition of
"family" to group household members into one or more families (US Census,
2003). The CPS defines a family as: "a group of two people or more (one of
whom is the householder) related by birth, marriage, or adoption and residing
together;" all such people (including related subfamily members) are
considered to be members of one family. Over eighty percent of the NHANES
households were single-family households; the remaining households were
comprised of 2 or more CPS families.

After the information about sources of income was obtained in the Family
Interview Income section questionnaire (INQ), the respondent was asked to
report the total combined family income for themselves and the other members
of their family in dollars (question INQ200). If the respondent refused to
answer INQ200 or did not know the total combined family income, an income
screener question was asked (question INQ220) to query if the total family
income was < $20,000 or ≥ $20,000. If the respondent answered INQ220, a
follow-up question asked the respondent to select an income range (question
INQ230) from a list of income ranges listed on a printed hand card. The
midpoint of the income range was then used as the total family income value.
Family income values were used to calculate the ratio of income to poverty
(INDFMPIR) and estimated total household income (INDHHINC) as described below.
Total family income is reported as a range in the NHANES data file.

**INDHHINC** : This variable is the estimated total household income. The
estimated household income was derived from family income data. If a household
was comprised of a single CPS family, the family income value was used as
previously described. When more than one CPS family resided in the household,
two methods were used to compute estimated total household income. One method
was to use income data reported by each CPS family that was interviewed
(INQ200). The second method for multi-family households used total household
income information (INQ200) provided by a household reference person. The
income information provided by respondents for each CPS family (method 1) was
used whenever possible because this information was considered to be more
reliable than information provided by a household reference person who may or
may not have had firsthand knowledge of the total household income.

When income information was obtained from each of the CPS families in a
household, the reported CPS family income values were summed to compute total
household income (INDHHINC). When information was missing for any of the CPS
families in the household, the estimated household income value provided by a
family reference person was used to compute estimated total household income.
Total household income could not be calculated for multi-family households
when income range data were reported by any of the families in the household
and thus the household income data are coded as missing.

**INDFMPIR** : This variable is an index for the ratio of family income to
poverty. The Department of Health and Human Services' (HHS) poverty guidelines
were used as the poverty measure to calculate this index. These guidelines are
issued each year, in the Federal Register, for determining financial
eligibility for certain federal programs such as Head Start, Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) (formerly Food Stamp Program), Special
Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC), and the
National School Lunch Program.

The variable INDFMPIR was calculated by dividing family income by the poverty
guidelines, specific to family size, as well as the appropriate year and
state. The values were not computed if the income screener information (INQ
220: < $20,000 or ≥ $20,000) was the only family income information reported.
If family income was reported as a range value, the midpoint of the range was
used to compute the variable. Values at or above 5.00 were coded as 5.00 or
more because of disclosure concerns. The values were not computed if the
family income data was missing.

**DMDMARTL** is the derived marital status variable. Marital status data were
collected for sample persons 14 years of age and older. Individuals belonging
to single person households were not asked about their marital status during
part of the 1999-2000 data collection cycle. For a number of these persons
marital status was imputed from other questionnaire items that made reference
to their marital status. Marital status remains missing for 566 sample persons
14 years of age and older due to lack of sufficient data for imputation.

**PREGNANCY STATUS** : Pregnancy status at the time of examination (RIDEXPRG)
is reported for females 8-59 years of age. Females 8-59 years of age received
a urine pregnancy test prior to the dual energy x-ray absorptiometry (DXA)
exam. Persons who reported they were pregnant at the time of exam were assumed
to be pregnant; if the urine test was negative, but the subject reported they
were pregnant, the status was still coded as pregnant at exam (RIDEXPRG=1). If
the urine pregnancy results were negative and the respondent said they were
not pregnant, the respondent was coded not pregnant at examination
(RIDEXPRG=2). Persons who were only interviewed have an RIDEXPRG value = 3
(could not be determined).

Note: The pregnancy recode variable previously released with NHANES 1999-2000
was called RIDPREG. RIDPREG was created to allow analysts to exclude pregnant
women from analyses; this determination was based on the most comprehensive
information available at the time of data release. RIDPREG was a more
conservative indicator of pregnancy status, and was derived using several
sources of information. For subjects who were only interviewed, pregnancy
status at the time of survey screening, and menstrual status were used to
determine possible pregnancy status. For examined individuals, if an
individual indicated that they were pregnant during the reproductive health
questionnaire (RHQ), or reported they were pregnant in the shared exclusion
questions (SEQ), or had a positive urine pregnancy test, these individuals
were determined to be pregnant. If an individual was screened as pregnant and
had other information which supported the information in the reproductive
health questionnaire (RHQ), they were determined to be pregnant. If an
individual indicated that they were not pregnant and also had a negative urine
pregnancy test, they were determined to not be pregnant. It has been
determined that a variable indicating pregnancy status at exam (RIDEXPRG) is a
more useful analytic variable rather than the more conservative RIDPREG.
Approximately 20-25 individuals in the NHANES 1999-2000 sample could have
different pregnancy status values using the RIDEXPRG and RIDPREG algorithms.

The following new variables are included in this updated NHANES 1999-2000
Demographic file:

**DMDCITZN** : Citizenship status is reported using two codes: 1) citizen by
birth or naturalization or 2) Not a citizen of the U.S. Persons who were born
in the U.S. or US  territories who acquire citizenship at birth were coded as
US citizens.

**DMDYRSUS** : This variable is the number of years the respondent has lived
in the United States. Respondents who were born outside the U.S. were asked
the month and year when they came to the U.S. to stay (DMQ.160). The responses
to the question were recoded into 9 categories ranging from less than one year
to 50 years or more.

**DMDHHSIZ** : This variable is the number of people in the respondent's
household. The values for this variable range from 1 to 7 with 7 being the
code used for households comprised of 7 or more members.

**DMDEDUC3** : This variable provides information on the highest grade or
level of education completed by respondents 6-19 years of age. The responses
were recoded by NCHS as follows: single years of education (grades 1-12), high
school graduate/GED, and post-high school.

**DMDEDUC2** : This variable is the highest grade or level of education
completed by adults 20 years of age and older. The response categories are:
less than 9th grade education, 9-11th grade education (includes 12th grade and
no diploma), High school graduate/GED, some college or associates (AA) degree,
and college graduate or higher. DMDEDUC2 provides more detailed information on
education levels of adults compared to the categories that were previously
released in the NHANES 1999-2000 Demographic file.

**DMDSCHOL** : This variable is school attendance status. It is asked for
respondents 6-19 years of age.

## Analytic Notes

RIDRETH2 race/ethnicity recode should be used to compare NHANES 1999-2000
estimates of health measures with those of NHANES III.

After the original Demographic file was released, additional interview
sections were recovered for 5 individuals that resulted in improved
race/ethnicity information. As a result, both RIDRETH1 and RIDRETH2 have
changed for individuals with SEQN 8239, 8270, 8463, 3578, 5343.

**Income variables** : Income information was not obtained from all of the
families in the survey sample. Some respondents refused to provide this
information and others had little or no knowledge of family income. No attempt
was made to assign or impute income in these instances. Incomplete information
was reported to the extent possible.

**Educational attainment** : Five educational attainment variables are
included the Demographics File. Three of the education variables target survey
participants. Two other education variables provide information about the
educational attainment of the household reference person (DMDHREDU) and the
household reference personâs spouse (DMDHSEDU), when applicable. A brief
description of survey participant educational attainment variables follows.

DMDEDUC is a 3-category variable that groups survey participants 6 years of
age and over into one of three educational attainment groups: 1) less than
high school education attainment, 2) high school graduate (has a high school
diploma or high school equivalency diploma such as a General Educational
Development/GED), or 3) has more than a high school education.

In addition to DMDEDUC, the Demographics File contains 2 variables that
provide additional information on the educational attainment level of survey
participants. Educational attainment information for persons 6 through 19
years of age is included in DMDEDUC3. Detailed educational attainment
information for adults who are 20 years of age and over is reported in
DMDEDUC2.

Questionnaire section files, MEC examination files, and laboratory files can
be linked to sample person demographics variables using the unique survey
participant identifier SEQN. RIDSTATR provides the MEC examination status of a
sample person.

The two-year sample weights (WTINT2YR, WTMEC2YR) should be used for NHANES
1999-2000 analyses and the four-year sample weights (WTINT4YR, WTMEC4YR) for
combined analyses of NHANES 1999-2000 & NHANES 2001-2002 data. Please refer to
the analytic guidelines and the on-line NHANES TutorialÂ provided with the
data release files to determine the appropriate analytic methodology for this
dataset.Â Both of these are available on the NHANES website.

## References

  * U.S. Census Bureau. Current Population Survey (CPS) Definitions and Explanations. 2003. <http://www.census.gov/population/www/cps/cpsdef.html>
  * U.S. Department of Health & Human Services. Poverty Guidelines, Research, and Measurement. Washington, DC: U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, January 2011. <http://aspe.hhs.gov/POVERTY/>

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### SDDSRVYR - Data Release Number

Variable Name:

    SDDSRVYR
SAS Label:

    Data Release Number
English Text:

    Data Release Number.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | NHANES 1999-2000 Public Release | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### RIDSTATR - Interview/Examination Status

Variable Name:

    RIDSTATR
SAS Label:

    Interview/Examination Status
English Text:

    Interview and Examination Status of the Sample Person.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Interviewed Only | 683 | 683 |   
2 | Both Interviewed and MEC examined | 9282 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### RIDEXMON - Six month time period

Variable Name:

    RIDEXMON
SAS Label:

    Six month time period
English Text:

    Six month time period when the examination was performed - two categories: November 1 through April 30, May 1 through October 31.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | November 1 through April 30 | 3910 | 3910 |   
2 | May 1 through October 31 | 5372 | 9282 |   
. | Missing | 683 | 9965 |   
  
### RIAGENDR - Gender

Variable Name:

    RIAGENDR
SAS Label:

    Gender
English Text:

    Gender of the sample person
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Male | 4883 | 4883 |   
2 | Female | 5082 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### RIDAGEYR - Age at Screening Adjudicated - Recode

Variable Name:

    RIDAGEYR
SAS Label:

    Age at Screening Adjudicated - Recode
English Text:

    Best age in years of the sample person at time of HH screening. Individuals 85 and over are topcoded at 85 years of age.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 84 | Range of Values | 9792 | 9792 |   
85 | >= 85 years of age | 173 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### RIDAGEMN - Age in Months - Recode

Variable Name:

    RIDAGEMN
SAS Label:

    Age in Months - Recode
English Text:

    Best age in months at date of screening for individuals under 85 years of age.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 84 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1019 | Range of Values | 9792 | 9792 |   
. | Missing | 173 | 9965 |   
  
### RIDAGEEX - Exam Age in Months - Recode

Variable Name:

    RIDAGEEX
SAS Label:

    Exam Age in Months - Recode
English Text:

    Best age in months at date of examination for individuals under 85 years of age at screening.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 84 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1019 | Range of Values | 9141 | 9141 |   
. | Missing | 824 | 9965 |   
  
### RIDRETH1 - Race/Ethnicity - Recode

Variable Name:

    RIDRETH1
SAS Label:

    Race/Ethnicity - Recode
English Text:

    Recode of reported race and ethnicity information.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Mexican American | 3393 | 3393 |   
2 | Other Hispanic | 589 | 3982 |   
3 | Non-Hispanic White | 3367 | 7349 |   
4 | Non-Hispanic Black | 2228 | 9577 |   
5 | Other Race - Including Multi-Racial | 388 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### RIDRETH2 - Linked NH3 Race/Ethnicity - Recode

Variable Name:

    RIDRETH2
SAS Label:

    Linked NH3 Race/Ethnicity - Recode 
English Text:

    Linked NH3 Race and Ethnicity Recode.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Non-Hispanic White | 3423 | 3423 |   
2 | Non-Hispanic Black | 2273 | 5696 |   
3 | Mexican American | 3393 | 9089 |   
4 | Other Race - Including Multi-Racial | 287 | 9376 |   
5 | Other Hispanic | 589 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### DMQMILIT - Veteran/Military Status

Variable Name:

    DMQMILIT
SAS Label:

    Veteran/Military Status
English Text:

    Did {you/SP} ever serve in the Armed Forces of the United States?
Target:

     Both males and females 17 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 717 | 717 |   
2 | No | 5004 | 5721 |   
7 | Refused | 5 | 5726 |   
9 | Don't know | 5 | 5731 |   
. | Missing | 4234 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDBORN - Country of Birth - Recode

Variable Name:

    DMDBORN
SAS Label:

    Country of Birth - Recode
English Text:

    In what country {were you/was SP} born?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Born in 50 US States or Washington, DC | 8069 | 8069 |   
2 | Born in Mexico | 1146 | 9215 |   
3 | Born Elsewhere | 737 | 9952 |   
7 | Refused | 1 | 9953 |   
9 | Don't Know | 1 | 9954 |   
. | Missing | 11 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDCITZN - Citizenship Status

Variable Name:

    DMDCITZN
SAS Label:

    Citizenship Status
English Text:

    {Are you/Is SP} a citizen of the United States? [Information about citizenship is being collected by the U.S. Public Health Service to perform health related research. Providing this information is voluntary and is collected under the authority of the Public Health Service Act. There will be no effect on pending immigration or citizenship petitions.] 
English Instructions:

    HAND CARD DMQ2 
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Citizen by birth or naturalization | 8663 | 8663 |   
2 | Not a citizen of the US | 1240 | 9903 |   
7 | Refused | 30 | 9933 |   
9 | Don't know | 29 | 9962 |   
. | Missing | 3 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDYRSUS - Length of time in US

Variable Name:

    DMDYRSUS
SAS Label:

    Length of time in US
English Text:

    Length of time SP has been in the US.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Less than 1 year | 116 | 116 |   
2 | 1 yr., less than 5 yrs. | 341 | 457 |   
3 | 5 yrs., less than 10 yrs. | 359 | 816 |   
4 | 10 yrs., less than 15 yrs. | 256 | 1072 |   
5 | 15 yrs., less than 20 yrs. | 156 | 1228 |   
6 | 20 yrs., less than 30 yrs. | 252 | 1480 |   
7 | 30 yrs., less than 40 yrs. | 174 | 1654 |   
8 | 40 yrs., less than 50 yrs. | 120 | 1774 |   
9 | 50 years or more | 63 | 1837 |   
77 | Refused | 34 | 1871 |   
88 | Could not determine | 1 | 1872 |   
99 | Don't know | 26 | 1898 |   
. | Missing | 8067 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDEDUC3 - Education Level - Children/Youth 6-19

Variable Name:

    DMDEDUC3
SAS Label:

    Education Level - Children/Youth 6-19
English Text:

    (SP Interview Version) What is the highest grade or level of school {you have/SP has} completed or the highest degree {you have/s/he has} received?
English Instructions:

    HAND CARD DMQ1 READ HAND CARD CATEGORIES IF NECESSARY ENTER HIGHEST LEVEL OF SCHOOL
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 | Never Attended / Kindergarten Only | 210 | 210 |   
1 | 1st Grade | 202 | 412 |   
2 | 2nd Grade | 186 | 598 |   
3 | 3rd Grade | 186 | 784 |   
4 | 4th Grade | 204 | 988 |   
5 | 5th Grade | 244 | 1232 |   
6 | 6th Grade | 318 | 1550 |   
7 | 7th Grade | 323 | 1873 |   
8 | 8th Grade | 320 | 2193 |   
9 | 9th Grade | 309 | 2502 |   
10 | 10th Grade | 307 | 2809 |   
11 | 11th Grade | 281 | 3090 |   
12 | 12th Grade, No Diploma | 81 | 3171 |   
13 | High School Graduate | 177 | 3348 |   
14 | GED or Equivalent | 12 | 3360 |   
15 | More than high school | 108 | 3468 |   
55 | Less Than 5th Grade | 3 | 3471 |   
66 | Less Than 9th Grade | 53 | 3524 |   
77 | Refused | 2 | 3526 |   
99 | Don't know | 1 | 3527 |   
. | Missing | 6438 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDEDUC2 - Education Level - Adults 20+

Variable Name:

    DMDEDUC2
SAS Label:

    Education Level - Adults 20+
English Text:

    (SP Interview Version) What is the highest grade or level of school {you have/SP has} completed or the highest degree {you have/s/he has} received?
English Instructions:

    HAND CARD DMQ1 READ HAND CARD CATEGORIES IF NECESSARY ENTER HIGHEST LEVEL OF SCHOOL
Target:

     Both males and females 20 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Less Than 9th Grade | 932 | 932 |   
2 | 9-11th Grade (Includes 12th grade with no diploma) | 964 | 1896 |   
3 | High School Grad/GED or Equivalent | 1097 | 2993 |   
4 | Some College or AA degree | 1070 | 4063 |   
5 | College Graduate or above | 793 | 4856 |   
7 | Refused | 8 | 4864 |   
9 | Don't Know | 14 | 4878 |   
. | Missing | 5087 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDEDUC - Education - Recode (old version)

Variable Name:

    DMDEDUC
SAS Label:

    Education - Recode (old version) 
English Text:

    (SP Interview Version) What is the highest grade or level of school {you have/SP has} completed or the highest degree {you have/s/he has} received?
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Less Than High School | 5124 | 5124 |   
2 | High School Diploma (including GED) | 1286 | 6410 |   
3 | More Than High School | 1971 | 8381 |   
7 | Refused | 10 | 8391 |   
9 | Don't know | 15 | 8406 |   
. | Missing | 1559 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDSCHOL - Now attending school?

Variable Name:

    DMDSCHOL
SAS Label:

    Now attending school?
English Text:

    {Are you/Is SP} now . . . 
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 19 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | In school | 2348 | 2348 |   
2 | On vacation from school (between grades) | 618 | 2966 |   
3 | Neither in school or on vacation from school (between grades) | 344 | 3310 |   
7 | Refused | 0 | 3310 |   
9 | Don't know | 1 | 3311 |   
. | Missing | 6654 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDMARTL - Marital Status

Variable Name:

    DMDMARTL
SAS Label:

    Marital Status
English Text:

    Marital Status
Target:

     Both males and females 14 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Married | 2485 | 2485 |   
2 | Widowed | 475 | 2960 |   
3 | Divorced | 378 | 3338 |   
4 | Separated | 177 | 3515 |   
5 | Never married | 2316 | 5831 |   
6 | Living with partner | 232 | 6063 |   
77 | Refused | 7 | 6070 |   
99 | Don't know | 2 | 6072 |   
. | Missing | 3893 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDHHSIZ - Total number of people in the Household

Variable Name:

    DMDHHSIZ
SAS Label:

    Total number of people in the Household
English Text:

    Total number of people in the Household
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 6 | Range of Values | 8818 | 8818 |   
7 | 7 or more people in the Household | 1147 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### INDHHINC - Annual Household Income

Variable Name:

    INDHHINC
SAS Label:

    Annual Household Income
English Text:

    Total household income (reported as a range value in dollars)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | $ 0 to $ 4,999 | 298 | 298 |   
2 | $ 5,000 to $ 9,999 | 654 | 952 |   
3 | $10,000 to $14,999 | 843 | 1795 |   
4 | $15,000 to $19,999 | 762 | 2557 |   
5 | $20,000 to $24,999 | 777 | 3334 |   
6 | $25,000 to $34,999 | 1118 | 4452 |   
7 | $35,000 to $44,999 | 804 | 5256 |   
8 | $45,000 to $54,999 | 607 | 5863 |   
9 | $55,000 to $64,999 | 509 | 6372 |   
10 | $65,000 to $74,999 | 371 | 6743 |   
11 | $75,000 and Over | 1255 | 7998 |   
12 | Over $20,000 | 314 | 8312 |   
13 | Under $20,000 | 53 | 8365 |   
77 | Refused | 41 | 8406 |   
99 | Don't know | 41 | 8447 |   
. | Missing | 1518 | 9965 |   
  
### INDFMINC - Annual Family Income

Variable Name:

    INDFMINC
SAS Label:

    Annual Family Income
English Text:

    Total family income (reported as a range value in dollars)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | $ 0 to $ 4,999 | 569 | 569 |   
2 | $ 5,000 to $ 9,999 | 877 | 1446 |   
3 | $10,000 to $14,999 | 1062 | 2508 |   
4 | $15,000 to $19,999 | 829 | 3337 |   
5 | $20,000 to $24,999 | 844 | 4181 |   
6 | $25,000 to $34,999 | 1077 | 5258 |   
7 | $35,000 to $44,999 | 740 | 5998 |   
8 | $45,000 to $54,999 | 611 | 6609 |   
9 | $55,000 to $64,999 | 451 | 7060 |   
10 | $65,000 to $74,999 | 348 | 7408 |   
11 | $75,000 and Over | 1074 | 8482 |   
12 | Over $20,000 | 404 | 8886 |   
13 | Under $20,000 | 366 | 9252 |   
77 | Refused | 301 | 9553 |   
99 | Don't know | 230 | 9783 |   
. | Missing | 182 | 9965 |   
  
### INDFMPIR - Family PIR

Variable Name:

    INDFMPIR
SAS Label:

    Family PIR
English Text:

    Poverty income ratio (PIR) - a ratio of family income to poverty threshold
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 4.99 | Range of Values | 7466 | 7466 |   
5 | PIR value greater than or equal to 5.00 | 1016 | 8482 |   
. | Missing | 1483 | 9965 |   
  
### RIDEXPRG - Pregnancy Status at Exam - Recode

Variable Name:

    RIDEXPRG
SAS Label:

    Pregnancy Status at Exam - Recode
English Text:

    Pregnancy status at the time of MEC exam.
Target:

     Females only 8 YEARS - 59 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes, positive lab pregnancy test or self-reported pregnant at exam | 311 | 311 |   
2 | SP not pregnant at exam | 1443 | 1754 |   
3 | Cannot ascertain if SP is pregnant at exam | 208 | 1962 |   
. | Missing | 8003 | 9965 |   
  
### RIDPREG - Pregnancy Status - Recode (old version)

Variable Name:

    RIDPREG
SAS Label:

    Pregnancy Status - Recode (old version) 
English Text:

    Pregnancy status variable based on all source data. NOTE: This is the previous pregnancy status recode variable. RIDPREG is a more conservative pregnancy status variable. Please review the file documentation.
Target:

     Females only 8 YEARS - 59 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes, based on positive lab pregnancy test, self-reported pregnancy status, screener interview data or menstrual period history | 285 | 285 |   
2 | SP not pregnant | 1544 | 1829 |   
9 | Cannot ascertain if SP is pregnant | 0 | 1829 |   
. | Missing | 8136 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDHRGND - HH Ref Person Gender

Variable Name:

    DMDHRGND
SAS Label:

    HH Ref Person Gender
English Text:

    Gender of the household reference person
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Male | 5597 | 5597 |   
2 | Female | 4356 | 9953 |   
. | Missing | 12 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDHRAGE - HH Ref Person Age

Variable Name:

    DMDHRAGE
SAS Label:

    HH Ref Person Age
English Text:

    Age in years of the household reference person at the time of HH screening. Individuals 85 and over are topcoded at 85 years of age.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
17 to 84 | Range of Values | 9782 | 9782 |   
85 | >= 85 years of age | 171 | 9953 |   
. | Missing | 12 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDHRBRN - HH Ref Person Country of Birth

Variable Name:

    DMDHRBRN
SAS Label:

    HH Ref Person Country of Birth
English Text:

    In what country {were you/was NON-SP Head} born?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Born in 50 US States or Washington, DC | 6545 | 6545 |   
2 | Born in Mexico | 1974 | 8519 |   
3 | Born Elsewhere | 1046 | 9565 |   
7 | Refused | 12 | 9577 |   
9 | Don't know | 0 | 9577 |   
. | Missing | 388 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDHREDU - HH Ref Person Education Level

Variable Name:

    DMDHREDU
SAS Label:

    HH Ref Person Education Level
English Text:

    What is the highest grade or level of school {you have/NON_SP HEAD has} received?
English Instructions:

    HAND CARD DMQ1 Read HAND CARD CATEGORES IF NECESSARY ENTER HIGHEST LEVEL OF SCHOOL
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Less Than 9th Grade | 1747 | 1747 |   
2 | 9-11th Grade (Includes 12th grade with no diploma) | 2100 | 3847 |   
3 | High School Grad/GED or equivalent | 2188 | 6035 |   
4 | Some College or AA degree | 2026 | 8061 |   
5 | College Graduate or above | 1431 | 9492 |   
7 | Refused | 13 | 9505 |   
9 | Don't know | 66 | 9571 |   
. | Missing | 394 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDHRMAR - HH Ref Person Marital Status

Variable Name:

    DMDHRMAR
SAS Label:

    HH Ref Person Marital Status
English Text:

    Marital Status of household reference person
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Married | 4673 | 4673 |   
2 | Widowed | 577 | 5250 |   
3 | Divorced | 861 | 6111 |   
4 | Separated | 538 | 6649 |   
5 | Never married | 1115 | 7764 |   
6 | Living with partner | 267 | 8031 |   
77 | Refused | 18 | 8049 |   
99 | Don't know | 13 | 8062 |   
. | Missing | 1903 | 9965 |   
  
### DMDHSEDU - HH Ref Person's Spouse Education Level

Variable Name:

    DMDHSEDU
SAS Label:

    HH Ref Person's Spouse Education Level
English Text:

    What is the highest grade or level of school {you have/NON-SP SPOUSE has completed or the highest degree {you have/he/she has} received
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Less Than 9th Grade | 607 | 607 |   
2 | 9-11th Grade (Includes 12th grade with no diploma) | 729 | 1336 |   
3 | High School Grad/GED or equivalent | 728 | 2064 |   
4 | Some College or AA degree | 661 | 2725 |   
5 | College Graduate or above | 483 | 3208 |   
7 | Refused | 3 | 3211 |   
9 | Don't know | 21 | 3232 |   
. | Missing | 6733 | 9965 |   
  
### WTINT2YR - Full Sample 2 Year Interview Weight

Variable Name:

    WTINT2YR
SAS Label:

    Full Sample 2 Year Interview Weight
English Text:

    Interviewed Sample Persons.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
974.66525161 to 236864.13597 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTINT4YR - Full Sample 4 Year Interview Weight

Variable Name:

    WTINT4YR
SAS Label:

    Full Sample 4 Year Interview Weight 
English Text:

    Interviewed Sample Persons. Used for 1999-2002 data collection years only.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
620.682382 to 100652.32964 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMEC2YR - Full Sample 2 Year MEC Exam Weight

Variable Name:

    WTMEC2YR
SAS Label:

    Full Sample 2 Year MEC Exam Weight
English Text:

    Both Interviewed and MEC Examined Sample Persons.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261361.33834 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMEC4YR - Full Sample 4 Year MEC Exam Weight

Variable Name:

    WTMEC4YR
SAS Label:

    Full Sample 4 Year MEC Exam Weight 
English Text:

    Both Interviewed and MEC Examined Sample Persons. Used for 1999-2002 data collection years only.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 103831.17105 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### SDMVPSU - Masked Variance Pseudo-PSU

Variable Name:

    SDMVPSU
SAS Label:

    Masked Variance Pseudo-PSU
English Text:

    Masked Variance Unit Pseudo-PSU variable for variance estimation
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 3 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### SDMVSTRA - Masked Variance Pseudo-Stratum

Variable Name:

    SDMVSTRA
SAS Label:

    Masked Variance Pseudo-Stratum
English Text:

    Masked Variance Unit Pseudo-Stratum variable for variance estimation
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 13 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### SDJ1REPN - Jack Knife Replicate Number

Variable Name:

    SDJ1REPN
SAS Label:

    Jack Knife Replicate Number
English Text:

    Jack Knife Replicate Number
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 52 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### DMAETHN - Logical Imputation Flag for Ethnicity

Variable Name:

    DMAETHN
SAS Label:

    Logical Imputation Flag for Ethnicity
English Text:

    Logical Imputation Flag for Ethnicity
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Value Imputed | 2 | 2 |   
. | Missing | 9963 | 9965 |   
  
### DMARACE - Logical Imputation Flag for Race Recode

Variable Name:

    DMARACE
SAS Label:

    Logical Imputation Flag for Race Recode
English Text:

    Logical Imputation Flag for Race Recode
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Value Imputed | 2 | 2 |   
. | Missing | 9963 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP01 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 01

Variable Name:

    WTMREP01
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 01
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 01
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 258536.54745 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP02 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 02

Variable Name:

    WTMREP02
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 02
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 02
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 260734.52777 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP03 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 03

Variable Name:

    WTMREP03
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 03
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 03
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261389.69805 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP04 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 04

Variable Name:

    WTMREP04
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 04
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 04
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261672.08293 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP05 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 05

Variable Name:

    WTMREP05
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 05
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 05
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261039.26428 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP06 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 06

Variable Name:

    WTMREP06
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 06
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 06
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 262491.489 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP07 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 07

Variable Name:

    WTMREP07
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 07
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 07
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 258631.58327 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP08 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 08

Variable Name:

    WTMREP08
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 08
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 08
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261427.86999 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP09 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 09

Variable Name:

    WTMREP09
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 09
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 09
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 263135.14291 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP10 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 10

Variable Name:

    WTMREP10
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 10
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 10
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 264325.82084 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP11 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 11

Variable Name:

    WTMREP11
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 11
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 11
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 265082.90502 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP12 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 12

Variable Name:

    WTMREP12
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 12
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 12
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261045.28869 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP13 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 13

Variable Name:

    WTMREP13
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 13
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 13
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 259966.30733 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP14 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 14

Variable Name:

    WTMREP14
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 14
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 14
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 267824.09333 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP15 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 15

Variable Name:

    WTMREP15
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 15
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 15
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 264048.81824 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP16 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 16

Variable Name:

    WTMREP16
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 16
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 16
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 265140.60417 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP17 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 17

Variable Name:

    WTMREP17
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 17
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 17
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 260425.83848 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP18 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 18

Variable Name:

    WTMREP18
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 18
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 18
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261367.45269 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP19 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 19

Variable Name:

    WTMREP19
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 19
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 19
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 265394.01408 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP20 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 20

Variable Name:

    WTMREP20
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 20
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 20
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261809.66639 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP21 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 21

Variable Name:

    WTMREP21
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 21
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 21
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261040.57842 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP22 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 22

Variable Name:

    WTMREP22
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 22
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 22
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261410.98954 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP23 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 23

Variable Name:

    WTMREP23
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 23
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 23
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261818.79012 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP24 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 24

Variable Name:

    WTMREP24
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 24
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 24
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 262433.25419 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP25 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 25

Variable Name:

    WTMREP25
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 25
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 25
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261361.7708 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP26 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 26

Variable Name:

    WTMREP26
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 26
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 26
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 259973.96856 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP27 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 27

Variable Name:

    WTMREP27
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 27
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 27
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 260115.6662 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP28 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 28

Variable Name:

    WTMREP28
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 28
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 28
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 265884.08648 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP29 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 29

Variable Name:

    WTMREP29
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 29
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 29
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 263108.33395 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP30 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 30

Variable Name:

    WTMREP30
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 30
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 30
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261761.84402 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP31 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 31

Variable Name:

    WTMREP31
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 31
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 31
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 262963.60939 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP32 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 32

Variable Name:

    WTMREP32
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 32
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 32
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 254090.86669 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP33 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 33

Variable Name:

    WTMREP33
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 33
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 33
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 259603.33498 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP34 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 34

Variable Name:

    WTMREP34
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 34
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 34
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261548.40488 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP35 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 35

Variable Name:

    WTMREP35
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 35
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 35
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 253436.57188 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP36 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 36

Variable Name:

    WTMREP36
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 36
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 36
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261427.09527 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP37 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 37

Variable Name:

    WTMREP37
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 37
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 37
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 262556.46962 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP38 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 38

Variable Name:

    WTMREP38
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 38
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 38
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 265965.07558 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP39 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 39

Variable Name:

    WTMREP39
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 39
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 39
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 263382.4133 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP40 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 40

Variable Name:

    WTMREP40
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 40
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 40
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 262655.33471 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP41 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 41

Variable Name:

    WTMREP41
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 41
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 41
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 263442.38982 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP42 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 42

Variable Name:

    WTMREP42
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 42
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 42
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 263487.73528 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP43 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 43

Variable Name:

    WTMREP43
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 43
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 43
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 263992.07035 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP44 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 44

Variable Name:

    WTMREP44
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 44
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 44
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 262043.77211 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP45 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 45

Variable Name:

    WTMREP45
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 45
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 45
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 257748.99083 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP46 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 46

Variable Name:

    WTMREP46
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 46
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 46
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 266060.30544 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP47 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 47

Variable Name:

    WTMREP47
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 47
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 47
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 252840.3993 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP48 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 48

Variable Name:

    WTMREP48
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 48
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 48
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261674.57726 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP49 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 49

Variable Name:

    WTMREP49
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 49
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 49
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261134.18335 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP50 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 50

Variable Name:

    WTMREP50
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 50
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 50
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 261980.54185 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP51 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 51

Variable Name:

    WTMREP51
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 51
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 51
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 259613.17584 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTMREP52 - MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 52

Variable Name:

    WTMREP52
SAS Label:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 52
English Text:

    MEC Exam Weight Jack Knife Replicate 52
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 260463.01834 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP01 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 01

Variable Name:

    WTIREP01
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 01
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 01
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238420.85936 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP02 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 02

Variable Name:

    WTIREP02
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 02
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 02
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237013.9879 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP03 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 03

Variable Name:

    WTIREP03
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 03
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 03
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 236865.01184 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP04 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 04

Variable Name:

    WTIREP04
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 04
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 04
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237416.49771 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP05 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 05

Variable Name:

    WTIREP05
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 05
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 05
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237747.75605 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP06 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 06

Variable Name:

    WTIREP06
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 06
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 06
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238188.48458 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP07 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 07

Variable Name:

    WTIREP07
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 07
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 07
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 235374.89521 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP08 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 08

Variable Name:

    WTIREP08
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 08
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 08
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237535.86045 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP09 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 09

Variable Name:

    WTIREP09
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 09
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 09
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238836.16707 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP10 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 10

Variable Name:

    WTIREP10
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 10
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 10
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 240731.79741 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP11 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 11

Variable Name:

    WTIREP11
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 11
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 11
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 240439.93322 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP12 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 12

Variable Name:

    WTIREP12
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 12
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 12
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237833.53131 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP13 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 13

Variable Name:

    WTIREP13
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 13
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 13
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 236237.26884 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP14 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 14

Variable Name:

    WTIREP14
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 14
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 14
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 242715.02986 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP15 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 15

Variable Name:

    WTIREP15
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 15
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 15
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 241151.11465 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP16 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 16

Variable Name:

    WTIREP16
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 16
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 16
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 241051.95876 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP17 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 17

Variable Name:

    WTIREP17
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 17
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 17
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237292.10154 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP18 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 18

Variable Name:

    WTIREP18
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 18
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 18
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237121.73258 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP19 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 19

Variable Name:

    WTIREP19
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 19
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 19
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 240662.67747 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP20 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 20

Variable Name:

    WTIREP20
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 20
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 20
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237367.40897 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP21 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 21

Variable Name:

    WTIREP21
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 21
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 21
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238551.11865 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP22 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 22

Variable Name:

    WTIREP22
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 22
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 22
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 236978.52835 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP23 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 23

Variable Name:

    WTIREP23
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 23
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 23
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237791.3281 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP24 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 24

Variable Name:

    WTIREP24
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 24
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 24
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238519.14532 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP25 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 25

Variable Name:

    WTIREP25
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 25
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 25
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 236876.34057 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP26 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 26

Variable Name:

    WTIREP26
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 26
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 26
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237924.50944 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP27 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 27

Variable Name:

    WTIREP27
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 27
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 27
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238878.16902 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP28 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 28

Variable Name:

    WTIREP28
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 28
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 28
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 241459.37563 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP29 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 29

Variable Name:

    WTIREP29
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 29
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 29
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237716.20458 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP30 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 30

Variable Name:

    WTIREP30
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 30
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 30
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238268.46066 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP31 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 31

Variable Name:

    WTIREP31
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 31
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 31
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238064.69158 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP32 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 32

Variable Name:

    WTIREP32
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 32
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 32
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 232851.32047 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP33 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 33

Variable Name:

    WTIREP33
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 33
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 33
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237122.57994 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP34 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 34

Variable Name:

    WTIREP34
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 34
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 34
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237636.68862 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP35 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 35

Variable Name:

    WTIREP35
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 35
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 35
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 232641.61455 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP36 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 36

Variable Name:

    WTIREP36
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 36
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 36
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238207.79281 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP37 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 37

Variable Name:

    WTIREP37
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 37
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 37
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237794.97698 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP38 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 38

Variable Name:

    WTIREP38
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 38
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 38
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 241173.68942 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP39 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 39

Variable Name:

    WTIREP39
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 39
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 39
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 239060.10369 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP40 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 40

Variable Name:

    WTIREP40
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 40
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 40
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237986.39808 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP41 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 41

Variable Name:

    WTIREP41
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 41
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 41
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 239760.23487 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP42 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 42

Variable Name:

    WTIREP42
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 42
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 42
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 239610.85071 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP43 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 43

Variable Name:

    WTIREP43
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 43
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 43
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 239320.707 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP44 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 44

Variable Name:

    WTIREP44
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 44
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 44
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237571.75151 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP45 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 45

Variable Name:

    WTIREP45
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 45
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 45
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 235750.38147 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP46 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 46

Variable Name:

    WTIREP46
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 46
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 46
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 241834.3272 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP47 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 47

Variable Name:

    WTIREP47
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 47
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 47
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 232738.99202 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP48 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 48

Variable Name:

    WTIREP48
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 48
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 48
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237147.54679 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP49 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 49

Variable Name:

    WTIREP49
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 49
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 49
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 237076.10369 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP50 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 50

Variable Name:

    WTIREP50
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 50
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 50
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238360.24085 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP51 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 51

Variable Name:

    WTIREP51
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 51
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 51
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 236648.97986 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 |   
  
### WTIREP52 - Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 52

Variable Name:

    WTIREP52
SAS Label:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 52
English Text:

    Interview Weight Jack Knife Replicate 52
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 236964.16066 | Range of Values | 9965 | 9965 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9965 | 

