### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Protocol and Procedure
  * Quality Assurance & Quality Control
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * WTDRD1 - Dietary day one sample weight
    * WTDR2D - Dietary two-day sample weight
    * DR1DRSTZ - Dietary recall status
    * DR1EXMER - Interviewer ID code
    * DRABF - Breast-fed infant (either day)
    * DRDINT - Number of days of intake
    * DR1DBIH - # of days b/w intake and HH interview
    * DR1DAY - Intake day of the week
    * DR1LANG - Language respondent used mostly
    * DR1MNRSP - Main respondent for this interview
    * DR1HELPD - Helped in responding for this interview
    * DBQ095Z - Type of table salt used
    * DBD100 - How often add salt to food at table
    * DRQSPREP - Salt used in preparation?
    * DRQSDIET - On special diet?
    * DRQSDT1 - Weight loss/Low calorie diet
    * DRQSDT2 - Low fat/Low cholesterol diet
    * DRQSDT3 - Low salt/Low sodium diet
    * DRQSDT4 - Sugar free/Low sugar diet
    * DRQSDT5 - Low fiber diet
    * DRQSDT6 - High fiber diet
    * DRQSDT7 - Diabetic diet
    * DRQSDT8 - Weight gain/Muscle building diet
    * DRQSDT9 - Low carbohydrate diet
    * DRQSDT10 - High protein diet
    * DRQSDT91 - Other special diet
    * DR1TNUMF - Number of foods reported
    * DR1TKCAL - Energy (kcal)
    * DR1TPROT - Protein (gm)
    * DR1TCARB - Carbohydrate (gm)
    * DR1TSUGR - Total sugars (gm)
    * DR1TFIBE - Dietary fiber (gm)
    * DR1TTFAT - Total fat (gm)
    * DR1TSFAT - Total saturated fatty acids (gm)
    * DR1TMFAT - Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)
    * DR1TPFAT - Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)
    * DR1TCHOL - Cholesterol (mg)
    * DR1TATOC - Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)
    * DR1TATOA - Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)
    * DR1TRET - Retinol (mcg)
    * DR1TVARA - Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)
    * DR1TACAR - Alpha-carotene (mcg)
    * DR1TBCAR - Beta-carotene (mcg)
    * DR1TCRYP - Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)
    * DR1TLYCO - Lycopene (mcg)
    * DR1TLZ - Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)
    * DR1TVB1 - Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)
    * DR1TVB2 - Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)
    * DR1TNIAC - Niacin (mg)
    * DR1TVB6 - Vitamin B6 (mg)
    * DR1TFOLA - Total folate (mcg)
    * DR1TFA - Folic acid (mcg)
    * DR1TFF - Food folate (mcg)
    * DR1TFDFE - Folate, DFE (mcg)
    * DR1TCHL - Total choline (mg) 
    * DR1TVB12 - Vitamin B12 (mcg)
    * DR1TB12A - Added vitamin B12 (mcg)
    * DR1TVC - Vitamin C (mg)
    * DR1TVD - Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)
    * DR1TVK - Vitamin K (mcg)
    * DR1TCALC - Calcium (mg)
    * DR1TPHOS - Phosphorus (mg)
    * DR1TMAGN - Magnesium (mg)
    * DR1TIRON - Iron (mg)
    * DR1TZINC - Zinc (mg)
    * DR1TCOPP - Copper (mg)
    * DR1TSODI - Sodium (mg)
    * DR1TPOTA - Potassium (mg)
    * DR1TSELE - Selenium (mcg)
    * DR1TCAFF - Caffeine (mg)
    * DR1TTHEO - Theobromine (mg)
    * DR1TALCO - Alcohol (gm)
    * DR1TMOIS - Moisture (gm)
    * DR1TS040 - SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS060 - SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS080 - SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS100 - SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS120 - SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS140 - SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS160 - SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS180 - SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TM161 - MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TM181 - MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TM201 - MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TM221 - MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP182 - PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP183 - PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP184 - PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP204 - PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP205 - PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP225 - PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP226 - PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)
    * DR1_300 - Compare food consumed yesterday to usual
    * DR1_320Z - Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)
    * DR1_330Z - Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)
    * DR1BWATZ - Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)
    * DR1TWS - Tap water source
    * DRD340 - Shellfish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350A - Clams eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350AQ - # of times clams eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD350B - Crabs eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350BQ - # of times crabs eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD350C - Crayfish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350CQ - # of times crayfish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD350D - Lobsters eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350DQ - # of times lobsters eaten past 30 days
    * DRD350E - Mussels eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350EQ - # of times mussels eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD350F - Oysters eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350FQ - # of times oysters eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD350G - Scallops eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350GQ - # of times scallops eaten past 30 days
    * DRD350H - Shrimp eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350HQ - # of times shrimp eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD350I - Other shellfish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD350IQ - # of times other shellfish eaten
    * DRD350J - Other unknown shellfish eaten past 30 d
    * DRD350JQ - # of times other unknown shellfish eaten
    * DRD350K - Refused on shellfish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD360 - Fish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370A - Breaded fish products eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370AQ - # of times breaded fish products eaten
    * DRD370B - Tuna eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370BQ - # of times tuna eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370C - Bass eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370CQ - # of times bass eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370D - Catfish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370DQ - # of times catfish eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370E - Cod eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370EQ - # of times cod eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370F - Flatfish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370FQ - # of times flatfish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370G - Haddock eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370GQ - # of times haddock eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370H - Mackerel eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370HQ - # of times mackerel eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370I - Perch eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370IQ - # of times perch eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370J - Pike eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370JQ - # of times pike eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370K - Pollock eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370KQ - # of times pollock eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370L - Porgy eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370LQ - # of times porgy eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370M - Salmon eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370MQ - # of times salmon eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370N - Sardines eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370NQ - # of times sardines eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370O - Sea bass eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370OQ - # of times sea bass eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370P - Shark eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370PQ - # of times shark eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370Q - Swordfish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370QQ - # of times swordfish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370R - Trout eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370RQ - # of times trout eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370S - Walleye eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370SQ - # of times walleye eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370T - Other fish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370TQ - # of times other fish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370U - Other unknown fish eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370UQ - # of times other unknown fish eaten
    * DRD370V - Refused on fish eaten past 30 days
  * Appendix 1. Changes between WWEIA 2003-2004, WWEIA 2005-2006 and WWEIA 2007-2008
  * Appendix 2. Variables in the Individual Foods Files (DR1IFF_E and DR2IFF_E) by Position
  * Appendix 3. List of Nutrients/Food Components (Unit)
  * Appendix 4. Adding Food Code Descriptions or Modification Code Descriptions to Your Files
  * Appendix 5. DR1TOT_E and DR2TOT_E Variables by Position

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2007-2008 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Dietary Interview - Total Nutrient Intakes, First Day (DR1TOT_E)

####  Data File: DR1TOT_E.xpt

##### First Published: July 2010

##### Last Revised: May 2013

## Component Description

The objective of the dietary interview component is to obtain detailed dietary
intake information from NHANES participants. The dietary intake data are used
to estimate the types and amounts of foods and beverages (including all types
of water) consumed during the 24-hour period prior to the interview (midnight
to midnight), and to estimate intakes of energy, nutrients, and other food
components from those foods and beverages. Following the dietary recall,
participants are asked questions on salt use, whether the personâs overall
intake on the previous day was much more than usual, usual or much less than
usual, and whether the respondent is on any type of special diet. Questions on
frequency of fish and shellfish consumed during the past 30 days were asked of
survey participants 1 year or older, with the use of proxies or adult
assistants for young children (see the MEC In-Person Dietary Interviewers
Procedures Manual for more information on proxy interview).

The dietary interview component, called What We Eat in America (WWEIA), is
conducted as a partnership between the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS). Under this
partnership, DHHSâ National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) is
responsible for the sample design and data collection and USDAâs Food
Surveys Research Group (FSRG) is responsible for the dietary data collection
methodology, maintenance of the databases used to code and process the data,
and data review and processing.

All NHANES examinees are eligible for two 24-hour dietary recall interviews.
The first dietary recall interview is collected in-person in the Mobile
Examination Center (MEC) and the second interview is collected by telephone 3
to 10 days later.

As in previous years, two types of dietary intake data are available for the
2007-2008 survey cycle - Individual Foods files and Total Nutrient Intakes
files. Starting with the 2007-2008 data release, data documentation will be
published only in HTML format. The document in its new format contains the
same information as it has in previous years.

**Whatâs New with the 2007-2008 WWEIA Release:**

Vitamin D has been added to the list of nutrients. The vitamin D values in
this dataset reflect the sum of ergocalciferol (vitamin D2) and
cholecalciferol (vitamin D3) content of foods reported by survey participants.
The contribution of another form of vitamin D, 25-hydroxycholecalciferol,
which may be present in certain foods, was not included because adequate data
from validated methods for this form of vitamin D were not available. Caution
should be used when comparing these data to earlier reported vitamin D intakes
by various investigators, since some differences may be attributed to
discrepancies in analytical methods and food sampling.

A variable has been added in each of the four files (DR1DBIH for day 1 files
and DR2DBIH for day 2 files) to indicate the number of days between the intake
day and the day of family questionnaire administered in the household. NHANES
has collected information on the receipt of food stamps, including the last
benefit received date as part of the family interview. Previous research has
indicated that there is a monthly cycle in food consumption behavior for
different levels of benefits. These new variables will be critical in
understanding dietary behavior of food stamp recipients over the month.

In 2007-2008, a new sample design was implemented. All Hispanics were
oversampled, not just Mexican Americans. In addition, for each of the
race/ethnicity domains, the 12-15 and 16-19 year age domains were combined and
the 40-59 year age minority domains were split into 10 year age domains 40-49
and 50-59. This has led to an increase in the number of participants aged 40+
and a decrease in 12-19 year olds from previous cycles. Lastly, pregnant women
were no longer oversampled. Based on these changes, unweighted frequencies of
certain variables may differ slightly in this survey cycle compared to earlier
survey cycles. Refer to the NHANES 2007â2008 Public Data General Release
File Documentation
(<https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/generalrelease.aspx?BeginYear=2007>)
on the NHANES website for more detail.

NHANES has been collecting data on study participantsâ use of dietary
supplements in the past 30 days, during the Dietary Supplements Section (DSQ)
in the household interview. In 2007-2008, additional information on supplement
and antacid use for the previous 24 hours was collected to provide data of the
same timeframe as the food and beverage intake. This will allow researchers to
improve the total nutrient intake estimations as well as examine associations
by nutrient source such as from foods versus supplements.

With a similar protocol, the 24-hour dietary supplement interview was
collected following the 24-hour dietary recall. All NHANES examinees
responding to the dietary recall interview were eligible for the dietary
supplement and antacid use questions. Information was obtained on all
vitamins, minerals, herbals and other dietary supplements that were consumed
during a 24-hour time period (midnight to midnight), including the name and
the amount of dietary supplement taken.

The 24-hour dietary supplement data are released in separate files available
on the NHANES website. They can be linked to the dietary files by the
respondent sequence number (SEQN). For more information on the data, refer to
the documentation accompanying the 24-hour dietary supplement datasets.

Further details about these and other changes for 2007-2008 are provided
within this document. Appendix 1 provides a summary of changes among the 3
latest cycles of data collection.

**Dietary Interview Data Files:** Four data files were produced from the
information collected in the dietary interview: two Individual Foods files and
two Total Nutrient Intake files. Each file includes one day of intake data.
The number â1â or â2â in the file name identifies the day (and mode)
of the interview: 1 = first day (in-person), 2 = second day (phone). File
names are the following:

****

File Names for Dietary Interview Data: File | Day 1 | Day 2  
---|---|---  
Individual Foods File | DR1IFF_E | DR2IFF_E  
Total Nutrient Intakes File | DR1TOT_E | DR2TOT_E  
  
The nutrient amounts in these files reflect only nutrients obtained from
foods, beverages, and water including tap and bottled water. They do not
include nutrients obtained from dietary supplements, antacids, or medications.

**Individual Foods Files (DR1IFF_E and DR2IFF_E):** Detailed information about
the types and amounts of individual foods reported by each participant, as
well as amounts of nutrients from each food are included in the Individual
Foods files. The names for both Day 1 and Day 2 variables are listed in
Appendix 2.

The Individual Foods files include, for each interview day, one record for
each food consumed by a survey participant. Each food record is sequentially
numbered and contains the information listed below:

  * Number of days of complete intake obtained from participant 
  * Day of the week of the intake 
  * Whether the food was eaten in combination with other foods, such as in a sandwich 
  * Time of eating occasion when the food was eaten 
  * Eating occasion name 
  * Where the food was obtained 
  * Whether the food was eaten at home or not 
  * Food, water, or beverage identified by a USDA food code 
  * Whether nutrients were calculated directly from the food as identified in FNDDS 4.1 or the FNDDS item was modified by adjusting recipe ingredients 
  * Amount of food, water, and beverages consumed, in grams 
  * Amounts of energy and 64 nutrients/food components (listed in Appendix 3) from each food, as calculated using USDA's Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies, 4.1 (FNDDS 4.1) 

Beginning with the 2005-2006 WWEIA and continued in 2007-2008 WWEIA, the
consumption of all types of water (including tap and bottled water, plain and
carbonated, sweetened and unsweetened water) has been collected during the
24-hour recall. As a result, each report of water intake throughout the day
was collected and coded as a separate food item. These water intake items now
appear in the Individual Foods file with food codes designating the type of
water. As with other foods, a variable is present to indicate if the water was
consumed at home or away. For bottled waters, a variable is present indicating
where the water was obtained. For tap water, the variables DR1TWS and DR2TWS
in the Total Nutrient Intake files indicate the main source of tap water drunk
by the participant. In 2003-2004, only sweetened bottled waters were collected
during the 24-hour recall and included in the Individual Foods file.
Information on daily intake of non-sweetened waters (total plain water, total
tap water and the source of tap water, total bottled water, and plain
carbonated water) were collected after the 24-hour dietary recall and included
in the Total Nutrient Intake file for 2003-2004. Starting in 2005-2006,
summary water variables that are compatible with previous data cycles are
included in the Total Nutrient Intake files with the exception of plain
carbonated water. These water totals (DR1_320Z, DR2_320Z, DR1_330Z, DR2_330Z,
DR1BWATZ and DR2BWATZ) represent total water consumed as a beverage by itself.
Therefore, they do not include the moisture content of foods and beverages
(such as watermelon, coffee, lettuce) that are available for each food
reported in the Individual Foods files.

Two supporting files are also included with the Individual Foods files: the
Food Code Description file (DRXFCD_E) and the Modification Code Description
file (DRXMCD_E). The DRXFCD_E file includes complete descriptions (up to 200
characters) associated with each USDA food code identified in the Individual
Foods files. The DRXMCD_E file includes descriptions (up to 200 characters)
associated with each modification code identified in the Individual Foods
files. Modification codes represent adjustments to predefined recipe
ingredients that reflect more closely the food as described by the respondent.
Appendix 4 provides SAS code examples that may be used to link the food code
or the modification code description to the Individual Foods file.

**Total Nutrient Intakes Files (DR1TOT_E and DR2TOT_E):** For each
participant, daily total energy and nutrient intakes from foods and beverages
and whether the amount of food consumed was usual, much more than usual, or
much less than usual are included in the Total Nutrient Intakes files. The Day
1 file also includes information on salt use in cooking and at the table;
whether the participant is currently on any kind of diet to lose weight or for
other health-related reason and, if so, the type of diet; and for participants
1 year or older, information on frequency of fish and shellfish consumption.
The names for both Day 1 and Day 2 variables are listed in Appendix 5.

The Total Nutrient Intakes files provide a summary record of total nutrient
intakes for each individual. Each total intake record contains the following
information:

  * Number of days of complete intake obtained from participant 
  * Day of the week of the intake 
  * Type of salt used and how often added at the table and in food preparation (Day 1 file only) 
  * Whether the participant is currently on any kind of diet to lose weight or for other health-related reason and, if so, the type of diet (Day 1 file only) 
  * Total number of foods reported for that participant for that dayâs intake 
  * The daily aggregates of water (moisture), DR1TMOIS and DR2TMOIS, consist of all moisture present in foods and beverages, including tap and bottled waters consumed as beverages 
  * Daily aggregates of food energy and 64 nutrients/food components (listed in Appendix 3) from all foods, as calculated using USDAâs Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies 4.1 (FNDDS 4.1) 
  * Whether the amount of food consumed was usual, much more than usual, or much less than usual 
  * Total amount of water consumed (plain water, tap water and the source of tap water, and bottled water) 
  * Frequency of fish and shellfish consumption in the past 30 days (examinees one year or older, Day 1 file only) 

## Eligible Sample

All NHANES examinees are eligible for the dietary interview component.
However, only examinees one year or older are eligible for the frequency of
fish and shellfish consumption questions following the 24-hour recall.

## Protocol and Procedure

The examination protocol and data collection methods are fully documented in
the NHANES dietary interviewers procedures manuals (In-person interview:
<https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2007-2008/manuals/manual_dietarymec.pdf>;
phone follow-up interview:
<https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2007-2008/manuals/manual_dietarypfu.pdf>).

Interviews were conducted for survey participants less than six years of age
with a proxy who was generally the person most knowledgeable about the survey
participantâs intake. With children ages 6 to 11, the interviews were
conducted with the child and the assistance of an adult familiar with the
childâs intake. Dietary interviews were conducted in English and Spanish.
Translators were used to conduct interviews in other languages.

The in-person interview was conducted in a private room in the NHANES mobile
examination center (MEC). A set of measuring guides (various glasses, bowls,
mugs, drink boxes and bottles, household spoons, measuring cups and spoons, a
ruler, thickness sticks, bean bags, and circles) was available in the MEC
dietary interview room for the participant to use for reporting amounts of
foods (NHANES Measuring Guides for the Dietary Recall Interview:
<https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/measuring_guides_dri/measuringguides.htm>).
Upon completion of the in-person interview, participants were given measuring
cups, spoons, a ruler, and a food model booklet, which contained two-
dimensional drawings of the various measuring guides available in the MEC, to
use for reporting food amounts during the telephone interview. Telephone
dietary interviews were collected 3 to 10 days following the MEC dietary
interview but not on the same day of the week as the MEC interview. Any
participant who did not have a telephone was given a toll-free number to call
so that the recall could be conducted.

What We Eat in America data were collected using USDA's dietary data
collection instrument, (the Automated Multiple Pass Method (AMPM)
(<http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg>). The AMPM was designed to provide an
efficient and accurate means of collecting intakes for large-scale national
surveys. The AMPM is a fully computerized recall method that uses a 5-step
interview outlined below:

  1. **Quick List** \- Participant recalls all foods and beverages consumed the day before the interview (midnight to midnight). 
  2. **Forgotten Foods** \- Participant is asked about consumption of foods commonly forgotten during the Quick List step. 
  3. **Time and Occasion** \- Time and eating occasion are collected for each food. 
  4. **Detail Cycle** \- For each food, a detailed description, amount eaten, and additions to the food are collected. Eating occasions and times between eating occasions are reviewed to elicit forgotten foods. 
  5. **Final Probe** \- Additional foods not remembered earlier are collected. 

The AMPM includes an extensive compilation of standardized food-specific
questions and possible response options. Routing of questions is based on
previous responses. The AMPM is updated yearly to reflect the changing food
supply and to address research needs from the data user community. Additional
information about the AMPM is provided in Raper et al. (Raper et al., 2004).

The AMPM was validated in a large study and shown to be an effective method
for collecting accurate group energy intake of adults. Completed in 2004, this
extensive research project included 524 healthy, weight-stable volunteers,
aged 30-69 years. The accuracy of the AMPM was evaluated by comparing reported
energy intake (EI) to total energy expenditure (TEE) using the doubly labeled
water technique (Moshfegh et al., 2008). Among the findings were that EI
compared to TEE was under-reported by 11% overall, by less than 3% for normal
weight subjects with body mass index (BMI) <25 and 16% for overweight subjects
with BMI ≥ 25.

Additional studies provide evidence that the AMPM accurately measures group
energy intake. Blanton (Blanton et al., 2006) reported that EI was not
significantly different from TEE for a sample of 20 adult females. Rumpler and
colleagues found that mean EIs were accurately reported for a sample of 12
adult males (Rumpler et al., 2008).

For additional information about the dietary interview component and related
survey protocols, please go to the **Survey Operations Manual, Consent
Documents, Brochures** site at:  
<https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/default.aspx?BeginYear=2007>

## Quality Assurance & Quality Control

All dietary interviewers were required to complete an intensive one-week
training course and to conduct supervised practice interviews before working
independently in the field. Retraining sessions were conducted annually to
reinforce the proper protocols and technique.

Interviewers were monitored throughout the data collection period. Monitoring
consisted of the following:

  * Data transmittal sheets were reviewed to verify receipt of data files. 
  * Reviews of audio-taped interviews or in-person observations were conducted for approximately 5% of each interviewer's work. 
  * Interviews were checked for completeness of the recalls, missing information, inconsistent reports, and unclear notes. Written notification and feedback were provided to the interviewers.

## Data Processing and Editing

Interview data files were sent electronically from the field and were imported
into Survey Net, a computer-assisted food coding and data management system
developed by USDA (Raper et al., 2004).

USDA's Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies, 4.1 (FNDDS 4.1), was
used for processing the 2007-2008 intakes
(<http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg>). The FNDDS includes comprehensive
information that can be used to code individual foods and portion sizes
reported by participants and also includes nutrient values for calculating
nutrient intakes. The underlying nutrient values for FNDDS 4.1 were based on
values in the USDA National Nutrient Database for Standard Reference, release
22, produced by USDAâs Nutrient Data Lab
(<http://www.ars.usda.gov/nutrientdata>). FNDDS values are updated for every
2-year WWEIA, NHANES release cycle. FNDDS 4.1 corresponds with WWEIA
2007-2008. Additional information about the FNDDS and related tools is
available on the Food Surveys Research Group website (Raper et al., 2004;
Anand et al., 2006; Bodner-Montville et al, 2006; Ahuja et al., 2008).

Coders were required to pass a certification test after the initial training.
They were routinely monitored to ensure the quality and completeness of their
work. Approximately 10 percent of the coder's work was randomly selected to be
independently coded by another coder. Results from the two codings were
compared and adjudicated, if necessary.

After intake data were coded, various types of reviews were conducted to
ensure the quality of the data. An overview of quality assurance procedures
conducted during the data processing stage is available in Anand, et al.
(Anand et al., 2006). Examples of reviews include the following:

  * **Overall acceptability of each recall.** This review determined if the recall met the two minimum criteria listed below. A recall was considered unacceptable if it failed to meet either of these criteria: 
    1. The first 4 steps of the 5-step AMPM are completed. Failure to meet this criterion occurs infrequently and is usually due to the participant stopping the interview before completion of the fourth step. This step collects the details (description and amount consumed) for each reported food. 
    2. Foods consumed for each reported meal must be identified. 
  * **Interviewers' and coders' questions and comments are reviewed to ensure that they have been accounted for in coding.**
  * **Decisions are made about how to code new or unusual foods or food quantities reported by participants.** Foods or portions that could not be matched to items in the database are resolved by FSRG scientists. New food items and new portion sizes are added as needed to the FNDDS. Information about new foods and package sizes are collected using internet resources, direct contact with manufacturers, or food labels. Unusual food mixtures are coded using multiple food codes to represent the mixture, linking those foods with a combination food number, and specifying the type of food mixture (such as a salad or soup). 
  * **Specific data integrity checks for reasonableness, consistency, and logic.** Many quality control features are built into the AMPM software, including automated routing based on the participant's previous answers and extensive checks which prevent illogical responses. Nevertheless, over 50 unique checks are conducted across all dietary data. Examples are meals reported at unusual times (e.g., school lunch at 12:30 a.m.), foods not usually consumed by certain age groups (e.g., baby foods consumed by respondents over 2 years of age), and extremely large quantities of foods. 
  * **Intakes with extreme levels for individual nutrients.** Nutrient intakes are reviewed separately for various age and sex groups. Unusual values are examined and corrected when necessary. 

During data processing, the following edits were made to ensure the logical
consistency and analytic usefulness of the data:

  * **Adjusted sodium values for certain foods.** Sodium values for home-prepared foods are based on the sodium values of recipe ingredients in the FNDDS. In some cases, the amount of salt in recipes was reduced or eliminated if the participant answered dietary interview questions about salt use in cooking or preparing foods with the response "occasionally", "rarely" or "never", respectively. 
  * **Modified nutrient values for some food mixtures.** During the food coding process, predefined recipes for some food mixtures are modified to match more closely the food as described by the respondent. Nutrients are modified by substituting ingredients in a predefined recipe for the mixture. An example of a modified recipe is an egg fried in butter instead of margarine. Each modification is assigned a unique 6-digit identification number. Recipe modification numbers appear in the variable DR1MC in the DR1IFF_E file and in the variable DR2MC in the DR2IFF_E file. Descriptions for each modification are provided in a separate file called DRXMCD. 

## Analytic Notes

Each Individual Foods file (Day 1 and Day 2) is comprised of food records. For
most survey participants, there are multiple records in each file. For each
Total Nutrient Intakes file (Day 1 and Day 2) there is one record for each
participant. These files can be linked with other NHANES files by the
respondent sequence number (SEQN).

**Variable names:** For data collected on both Day 1 and Day 2, variable names
are differentiated by having the number "1" or "2" in the third position of
the variable name to identify the collection day. For example, the USDA food
code variable (in the Individual Foods File), which identifies the food
reported by the participant, is named DR1IFDCD in the Day 1 file and DR2IFDCD
in the Day 2 file. Appendices 2 and 5 list the Day 1 and Day 2 variable names
for the Individual Foods file and the Total Nutrient Intakes file,
respectively.

Names for the following variables are the same for both days in the Individual
Foods file and the Total Nutrient Intakes file:Â

Variables with the Same Name for Both Days in the Dietary Interview Files Day 1 and Day 2 variable name | Label  
---|---  
SEQN | Respondent sequence number  
WTDRD1 | Dietary day one sample weight  
WTDR2D | Dietary two-day sample weight  
DRABF | Breast-fed infant (either day)  
DRDINT | Number of days of intake  
  
**Number of days of intake:** Because two days of data are included in the
2007-2008 release, a variable has been included to indicate the number of days
of intake available for each participant. The variable name is DRDINT. For
2007-2008, 9,255 respondents provided complete dietary intakes for Day 1 and
of those providing the Day 1 data, 7,838 provided complete dietary intakes for
Day 2.

**Dietary recall status code:** A status code (DR1DRSTZ or DR2DRSTZ) is used
in both the Individual Foods and Total Nutrient Intake files to indicate the
quality and completeness of a survey participant's response to the dietary
recall section. The codes are the following:Â

_1 = Reliable and met the minimum criteria_

For individuals with a code 1, all relevant variables associated with the
24-hour dietary recall contain a value.

_2 = Not reliable or did not meet the minimum criteria_

Individuals with a code 2 have incomplete records. No data on total nutrient
intakes and the total number of foods reported are provided for these cases.
These individuals have no records in the Individual Foods files.

_3_ [Code 3 is not included in the current datasets. It was only used for data
from the 1999-2000 survey cycle.]

_4 = Reported consuming breast milk_

For infants and children who consumed human milk, there is a record in the
Individual Foods files for each report of human milk. However, because amounts
of human milk intake are not quantified, these records contain missing values
for the amount consumed and for the amounts of energy and nutrients from human
milk. Also, records of human milk have a missing value for the food source
variable (DR1FS, DR2FS) and the eaten at home variable (DR1_040Z, DR2_040Z) in
the Individual Foods files. Records for any other foods and beverages consumed
by breast-fed infants and children are included in the Individual Foods files
along with their amounts and nutrient information. Because of the missing
nutrient information for human milk, no total nutrient intakes (contained in
the Total Nutrient Intakes files) were computed for participants with a code
4.

A variable that identifies breast-fed children, DRABF, is included. This
variable has a code of 1 if a child consumed breast milk in either intake day.

_5 = Not done_

This code is assigned when the dietary recall section of the interview did not
take place due to various reasons (such as arrived late/left early, refusal,
illness, emergency, or equipment failure). These individuals have no records
in the Individual Foods files. These individuals have a record in the Total
Nutrients file with values only for the following variables: the respondent
sequence number (SEQN), the dietary recall status code (DR1DRSTZ or DR2DRSTZ)
and for participants one year or older, the fish and shellfish questions in
the DR1TOT_E file (DRD340, DRD350A-K, DRD350AQ-JQ, DRD360, DRD370A-V, and
DRD370AQ-UQ).

Although there are four possible values, only codes 1 and 4 appear in the
Individual Foods file. In addition to the status code described above, the
variable DR1_300 and DR2_300 in the Total Nutrients file, denotes the
participant's assessment of whether the amount of food he/she consumed on the
recall day was usual, much more than usual, or much less than usual.

**Participants who reported consuming only water, no food or other beverages**
: Beginning in 2005-2006, information on all waters were collected during the
24-hour recall and reported in the Individual Foods file, including tap water
and bottled water. Therefore, records are now included in the Individual Foods
file for participants who consumed only water. There are 5 such individuals in
the 2007-2008 datasets, all in the Day 2 data. Their dietary recall status
variable for the day is coded as "1" (complete and reliable) in the Total
Nutrients file and the total number of foods is coded based on how many times
water was reported. There are 5 nutrients for the tap water and plain bottled
water codes that have values greater than zero - calcium, magnesium, sodium,
zinc, and copper. Individuals with just water intake and no food intake will
have zero energy intake for the day. Depending on the type of analysis, these
individuals may need to be excluded from the analysis.

**Participants who reported consuming no water, food or other beverages:** In
addition to the survey respondents consuming just water, there are 2 intakes
(1 intake in Day 1 and 1 intake in Day 2) with no water, food or other
beverage records for the day. These records are not included in the Individual
Foods File for these intakes. However, their dietary recall status is coded as
complete and reliable and their records will have zero values for all
nutrients in the Total Nutrients file.

**Number of days between the intake day and the day of family interview:** A
variable has been added in each of the four files (DR1DBIH for day 1 files and
DR2DBIH for day 2 files) to indicate the number of days between the intake day
and the day that the family questionnaire was administered in the household. A
positive value in DR1BHIH or DR2BHIH indicates the family interview occurred
prior to the day the intake was recalled for. In the survey, most of the
family interviews were done before the participant came to the MEC and
received the dietary interview. A value of â0â in DR1BHIH or DR2BHIH
indicates the family interview occurred on the same date the intake was
recalled for. A negative value (i.e., DR1BHIH<0 or DR2BHIH<0) means that the
family interview occurred after the day the intake recalled for.

**Food source:** The source of each food (where it was obtained, e.g., from a
store, fast food restaurant, cafeteria) is included with the 2007-2008 release
as it was for 2005-2006. The variable names are DR1FS and DR2FS and are
located in the Individual Foods file. The code descriptions for this variable
are:

****

****

Code Description for Source of Food Variable Code | Description  
---|---  
1 | Store  
2 | Restaurant with waiter/waitress  
3 | Restaurant fast food/pizza  
4 | Bar/tavern/lounge  
5 | Restaurant, no additional information  
6 | Cafeteria not at school  
7 | Cafeteria at school  
8 | Child care center  
9 | Family/adult day care center  
10 | Soup kitchen/shelter/food pantry facility  
11 | Meals on Wheels  
12 | Community food program â other  
13 | Community program, no additional information  
14 | Vending machine  
15 | Common coffee pot or snack tray  
16 | From someone else/gift  
17 | Mail order purchase  
18 | Residential dining facility  
19 | Grown or caught by you or someone you know  
20 | Fish caught by you or someone you know  
24 | Sport, recreation, or entertainment  
25 | Street vendor, vending truck  
26 | Fundraiser sales  
91 | Other, specify  
  
**Eating occasion:** The variables DR1_030Z and DR2_030Z are located in the
Individual Foods file. The code descriptions for the eating occasion variables
are shown in the table below.Â

Code Description for Eating Occasion Variable Code | Description  
---|---  
1 | Breakfast  
2 | Lunch  
3 | Dinner  
4 | Supper  
5 | Brunch  
6 | Snack  
7 | Beverage/Drink  
8 | Feeding-infant only  
9 | Extended consumption  
10 | Desayuno  
11 | Almuerzo  
12 | Comida  
13 | Merienda  
14 | Cena  
15 | Entre comida  
16 | Botana  
17 | Bocadillo  
18 | Tentempie  
19 | Bebida  
91 | Other  
  
Eating occasion is designated by the respondent. During the interview, a list
of eating occasion names is available to the respondent for reference.
However, eating occasion names are not defined for the respondent and the
interpretation may differ from one person to another.

**Combination foods:** Foods that are eaten in combination with other foods,
such as cereal with milk, are identified by a combination food type (DR1CCMTX)
and a combination food number (DR1CCMNM). They are located in the Individual
Foods file. About half of the foods reported in 2007-2008 were consumed in
combination with other foods. The code descriptions for this variable are the
following:

Code Description for Type of Combination Food Variable Code | Description  
---|---  
0 | Non-combination food  
1 | Beverage w/ additions  
2 | Cereal w/ additions  
3 | Bread/baked prod w/ additions  
4 | Salad  
5 | Sandwiches  
6 | Soup  
7 | Frozen meals  
8 | Ice cream/frozen yogurt w/ additions  
9 | Dried beans and vegetable w/ additions  
10 | Fruit w/ additions  
11 | Tortilla products  
12 | Meat, poultry, fish  
13 | LunchablesÂ®  
14 | Chips w/ additions  
90 | Other mixtures  
  
**Special diet:** Information on whether the participant is currently on any
kind of diet to lose weight or for other health-related reason and, if so, the
type of diet, is included. The variable DRQSDIET identifies whether a
participant is on a special diet. The variables DRQSDT1 through DRQSDT10 and
DRQSDT91 identify the type of diet(s) that the participant is following. These
variables can be found in the Total Nutrient Intakes file.

Note: A participant could report more than one type of diet, and all the
responses were recorded. In 2003-2004 and 2005-2006, the variable DRQSDT1
denotes the type of diet the participant followed specifically for weight loss
purposes, including a variety of low calorie diets, low carbohydrate diets,
and/or high protein diets. In 2007-2008, 2 new variables have been added to
allow participants to report "low carbohydrate diet (DRQSDT9)" and "high
protein diet (DRQSDT10)" individually. The variable "DRQSDT1" is now used to
denote a weight loss or low calorie diet.

**Sample weights for dietary intake data:** The NHANES participants were
selected on the basis of a national probability design. In order to increase
the number of participants for specific demographic groups, a multi-stage,
unequal probability of selection design was implemented. All Hispanics were
oversampled, not just Mexican Americans. In addition, for each of the
race/ethnicity domains, the 12-15 and 16-19 year age domains were combined and
the 40-59 year age minority domains were split into 10 year age domains 40-49
and 50-59. This has led to an increase in the number of participants aged 40+
and a decrease in 12-19 year olds from previous cycles. Lastly, pregnant women
were no longer oversampled.

Sample weights are constructed that encompass the unequal probabilities of
selection, as well as adjustments for non-participation by selected sample
persons. In order to produce national, representative estimates, the
appropriate sample weights must be used.

For the 2007-2008 NHANES, there were 12,943 persons selected; of these 9,762
were considered respondents to the MEC examination and data collection.
However, 9,255 of the MEC respondents provided complete dietary intakes for
Day 1. Furthermore, of those providing the Day 1 data, 7,838 provided complete
dietary intakes for Day 2.

Most analyses of NHANES data use data collected in the MEC and the variable
WTMEC2YR should be used for the sample weights. However, for the WWEIA dietary
data, different sample weights are recommended for analysis. Although attempts
are made to schedule MEC exams uniformly throughout the week, proportionally
more exams occur on weekend days than on weekdays. Because food intake can
vary by day of the week, use of the MEC weights would disproportionately
represent intakes on weekends.

A set of weights WTDRD1 is provided that should be used when an analysis uses
the Day 1 dietary recall data (either alone or when Day 1 nutrient data are
used in conjunction with MEC data). The set of weights WTDRD1 is applicable to
the 9,255 respondents with Day 1 data. Day 1 weights were constructed by
taking the MEC sample weights (WTMEC2YR) and further adjusting for (a) the
additional non-response and (b) the differential allocation by day of the week
for the dietary intake data collection. These Day 1 weights are more variable
than the MEC weights, and the sample size is smaller, so estimated standard
errors using Day 1 data and Day 1 weights are larger than standard errors for
similar estimates based on MEC weights.

When analysis is based on both days of dietary intake, only 7,838 sample
persons have valid data. The NHANES protocol requires an attempt to collect
the second day of dietary data at least 3 days after the first day, but the
actual number of days between the two interviews is variable. A set of
adjusted weights, WTDR2D, is to be used only when analysis uses both Day 1 and
Day 2 dietary data. This two-day weight was constructed for the 7,838
respondents by taking the Day 1 weights (WTDRD1) and further adjusting for (a)
the additional non-response for the second recall and (b) for the proportion
of weekend-weekday combinations of Day 1 and Day 2 recalls.

Note that all sample weights are person-level weights and each set of dietary
weights should sum to the same population control total as the MEC weights
(WTMEC2YR). In addition, the MEC weights (WTMEC2YR) are appropriate for use in
the analysis of the fish and shellfish consumption data (i.e., variables
DRD340, DRD350A-K, DRD350AQ-JQ DRD360, DRD370A-V, and DRD370AQ-UQ) located in
the Day 1 Total Nutrient Intake File (DR1TOT_E), if no other dietary data are
included in the analysis. Additional explanation of sample weights and
appropriate uses are included in the NHANES Analytic Guidelines
(<https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx>). Please also
refer to the on-line NHANES Tutorial (<https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/>)
for further details on other analytic issues.

## References

  * Agricultural Research Service, Beltsville Human Nutrition Research Center, Food Surveys Research Group, Beltsville, MD. USDA Automated Multiple-Pass Method for Dietary Recalls. <http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg >
  * Agricultural Research Service, Beltsville Human Nutrition Research Center, Food Surveys Research Group, Beltsville, MD. USDA Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies 4.1 <http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg>
  * Agricultural Research Service, Beltsville Human Nutrition Research Center, Nutrient Data Laboratory, Beltsville, MD. USDA National Nutrient Database for Standard Reference, Release 22. <http://www.ars.usda.gov/nutrientdata>
  * Ahuja, JKC. and Perloff, BP. Quality Control Procedures for USDAâs Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies. J. Food Compos. Anal. 2008; 21(suppl 1):S119-S124, 2008. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/10714>
  * Anand, J., Raper, N., Tong, A. Quality assurance during data processing of food and nutrient intakes. J. Food Compos. Anal. 2006; 19(suppl 1):S86-S90. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/7354>
  * Blanton CA, Moshfegh AJ, Baer DJ, Kretsch MJ. The USDA Automated Multiple-Pass Method accurately estimates group total energy and nutrient intake. J Nutr 2006 Oct; 136(10):2594-9. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/10039>
  * Bodner-Montville, J, Ahuja, JKC, Ingwersen, LA, Haggerty, ES. New release on the web: USDA Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies. J. Food Compos. Anal. 2006; 19(suppl 1):S100-S107. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/7356>
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Measuring Guides for the Dietary Recall Interview. Hyattsville, MD: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. <http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/measuring_guides_dri/measuringguides.htm>
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey MEC In-Person Dietary Interviewers Procedure Manual. Hyattsville, MD: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 2008. <http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/nhanes_07_08/manual_dietarymec.pdf >
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Phone Follow-Up Dietary Interviewer Procedure Manual. Hyattsville, MD: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 2008. <http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/nhanes_07_08/manual_dietarypfu.pdf>
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Public Data General Release File Documentation. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 2009. <http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/nhanes2007-2008/generaldoc_e.htm>
  * Moshfegh AJ, Rhodes DG, Baer DJ, Murayi T, Clemens JC, Rumpler WV, Paul DR, Sebastian RS, Kuczynski KC, Ingwersen LA, Staples RC, Cleveland LC. The USDA Automated Multiple-Pass Method reduces bias in the collection of energy intakes. Am J Clin Nutr 2008; 88:324-332. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/21951>
  * Raper, N., Perloff, B., Ingwersen, L., Steinfeldt, L., Anand, J. An overview of USDAâs dietary intake data system. J. Food Compos. Anal. 2004; 17(3-4):545-55. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/20984>
  * Rumpler WV, Kramer M, Rhodes DG, Moshfegh AJ, Paul DR, Kramer M. Identifying sources of reporting error using measured food intake. Eur J Clin Nutr 2008; 62:544-52. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/16546>

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### WTDRD1 - Dietary day one sample weight

Variable Name:

    WTDRD1
SAS Label:

    Dietary day one sample weight
English Text:

    Dietary day one sample weight
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1774.4576942 to 330066.87932 | Range of Values | 9255 | 9255 |   
. | Missing | 507 | 9762 |   
  
### WTDR2D - Dietary two-day sample weight

Variable Name:

    WTDR2D
SAS Label:

    Dietary two-day sample weight
English Text:

    Dietary two-day sample weight
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1513.0983763 to 419692.00229 | Range of Values | 7838 | 7838 |   
. | Missing | 1924 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1DRSTZ - Dietary recall status

Variable Name:

    DR1DRSTZ
SAS Label:

    Dietary recall status
English Text:

    Dietary recall status
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Reliable and met the minimum criteria | 9118 | 9118 |   
2 | Not reliable or not met the minimum criteria | 83 | 9201 |   
4 | Reported consuming breast-milk | 137 | 9338 |   
5 | Not done | 424 | 9762 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1EXMER - Interviewer ID code

Variable Name:

    DR1EXMER
SAS Label:

    Interviewer ID code
English Text:

    Interviewer ID code
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
16 to 91 | Range of Values | 9338 | 9338 |   
. | Missing | 424 | 9762 |   
  
### DRABF - Breast-fed infant (either day)

Variable Name:

    DRABF
SAS Label:

    Breast-fed infant (either day)
English Text:

    Indicates whether the sample person was an infant who was breast-fed on either of the two recall days. 
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 137 | 137 |   
2 | No | 9118 | 9255 |   
. | Missing | 507 | 9762 |   
  
### DRDINT - Number of days of intake

Variable Name:

    DRDINT
SAS Label:

    Number of days of intake
English Text:

    Indicates whether the sample person has intake data for one or two days.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Day 1 only | 1417 | 1417 |   
2 | Day 1 and day 2 | 7838 | 9255 |   
. | Missing | 507 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1DBIH - # of days b/w intake and HH interview

Variable Name:

    DR1DBIH
SAS Label:

    # of days b/w intake and HH interview
English Text:

    Number of days between intake day and the day of family questionnaire administered in the household.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-60 to 73 | Range of Values | 9273 | 9273 |   
. | Missing | 489 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1DAY - Intake day of the week

Variable Name:

    DR1DAY
SAS Label:

    Intake day of the week
English Text:

    Intake day of the week
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Sunday | 1582 | 1582 |   
2 | Monday | 814 | 2396 |   
3 | Tuesday | 857 | 3253 |   
4 | Wednesday | 738 | 3991 |   
5 | Thursday | 934 | 4925 |   
6 | Friday | 2301 | 7226 |   
7 | Saturday | 2112 | 9338 |   
. | Missing | 424 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1LANG - Language respondent used mostly

Variable Name:

    DR1LANG
SAS Label:

    Language respondent used mostly
English Text:

    The respondent spoke mostly:
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | English | 7952 | 7952 |   
2 | Spanish | 1203 | 9155 |   
3 | English and Spanish | 160 | 9315 |   
4 | Other | 34 | 9349 |   
. | Missing | 413 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1MNRSP - Main respondent for this interview

Variable Name:

    DR1MNRSP
SAS Label:

    Main respondent for this interview
English Text:

    Who was the main respondent for this interview?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | SP | 6918 | 6918 |   
2 | Mother of SP | 1963 | 8881 |   
3 | Father of SP | 170 | 9051 |   
4 | Wife of SP | 19 | 9070 |   
5 | Husband of SP | 3 | 9073 |   
6 | Daughter of SP | 33 | 9106 |   
7 | Son of SP | 10 | 9116 |   
8 | Grandparent of SP | 66 | 9182 |   
9 | Friend, Partner, Non Relative | 4 | 9186 |   
10 | Translator, not a HH member | 20 | 9206 |   
11 | Child care provider, Caretaker | 14 | 9220 |   
12 | Other Relative | 27 | 9247 |   
14 | Other specify | 0 | 9247 |   
77 | Refused | 0 | 9247 |   
99 | Don't know | 0 | 9247 |   
. | Missing | 515 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1HELPD - Helped in responding for this interview

Variable Name:

    DR1HELPD
SAS Label:

    Helped in responding for this interview
English Text:

    Who helped in responding for this interview
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | SP | 710 | 710 |   
2 | Mother of SP | 399 | 1109 |   
3 | Father of SP | 110 | 1219 |   
4 | Wife of SP | 11 | 1230 |   
5 | Husband of SP | 0 | 1230 |   
6 | Daughter of SP | 18 | 1248 |   
7 | Son of SP | 2 | 1250 |   
8 | Grandparent of SP | 27 | 1277 |   
9 | Friend, Partner, Non Relative | 2 | 1279 |   
10 | Translator, not a HH member | 51 | 1330 |   
11 | Child care provider, Caretaker | 6 | 1336 |   
12 | Other Relative | 34 | 1370 |   
13 | No one | 7870 | 9240 |   
14 | Other specify | 0 | 9240 |   
77 | Refused | 0 | 9240 |   
99 | Don't know | 0 | 9240 |   
. | Missing | 522 | 9762 |   
  
### DBQ095Z - Type of table salt used

Variable Name:

    DBQ095Z
SAS Label:

    Type of table salt used
English Text:

    What type of salt {do you/does SP} usually add to {your/his/her/SP's} food at the table? Would you say . . .
English Instructions:

    CAPI INSTRUCTION: IF SP AGE <= 5, DISPLAY "DO YOU" FOR FIRST DISPLAY AND {SP'S} FOR SECOND DISPLAY.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Ordinary salt [includes regular iodized salt, sea salt and seasoning salts made with regular salt] | 4945 | 4945 |   
2 | Lite salt | 297 | 5242 |   
3 | Salt substitute | 79 | 5321 |   
4 | Doesn't use or add salt products at the table | 3902 | 9223 | DRQSPREP  
91 | Other | 13 | 9236 |   
99 | Don't know | 102 | 9338 | DRQSPREP  
. | Missing | 424 | 9762 |   
  
### DBD100 - How often add salt to food at table

Variable Name:

    DBD100
SAS Label:

    How often add salt to food at table
English Text:

    How often {do you/does SP} add ordinary salt to {your/his/her/SP's} food at the table? Would you say . . .
English Instructions:

    CAPI INSTRUCTION: IF SP AGE <= 5, DISPLAY "DO YOU" FOR FIRST DISPLAY AND {SP'S} FOR SECOND DISPLAY.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Rarely | 2543 | 2543 |   
2 | Occasionally | 1625 | 4168 |   
3 | Very often | 1164 | 5332 |   
7 | Refused | 0 | 5332 |   
9 | Don't know | 2 | 5334 |   
. | Missing | 4428 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSPREP - Salt used in preparation?

Variable Name:

    DRQSPREP
SAS Label:

    Salt used in preparation?
English Text:

    How often is ordinary salt or seasoned salt added in cooking or preparing foods in your household? Is it never, rarely, occasionally, or very often?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Never | 721 | 721 |   
2 | Rarely | 1621 | 2342 |   
3 | Occasionally | 3021 | 5363 |   
4 | Very Often | 3845 | 9208 |   
9 | Don't know | 130 | 9338 |   
. | Missing | 424 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDIET - On special diet?

Variable Name:

    DRQSDIET
SAS Label:

    On special diet?
English Text:

    Are you currently on any kind of diet, either to lose weight or for some other health-related reason?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 920 | 920 |   
2 | No | 8389 | 9309 | DR1TNUMF  
9 | Don't know | 29 | 9338 | DR1TNUMF  
. | Missing | 424 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT1 - Weight loss/Low calorie diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT1
SAS Label:

    Weight loss/Low calorie diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Weight loss or low calorie diets | 456 | 456 |   
. | Missing | 9306 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT2 - Low fat/Low cholesterol diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT2
SAS Label:

    Low fat/Low cholesterol diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 | Low fat or low cholesterol diet | 163 | 163 |   
. | Missing | 9599 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT3 - Low salt/Low sodium diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT3
SAS Label:

    Low salt/Low sodium diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3 | Low salt or low sodium diet (including diet to lower blood pressure or hypertension) | 116 | 116 |   
. | Missing | 9646 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT4 - Sugar free/Low sugar diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT4
SAS Label:

    Sugar free/Low sugar diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
4 | Sugar free or low sugar diet | 38 | 38 |   
. | Missing | 9724 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT5 - Low fiber diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT5
SAS Label:

    Low fiber diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5 | Low fiber or low residue diet | 2 | 2 |   
. | Missing | 9760 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT6 - High fiber diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT6
SAS Label:

    High fiber diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6 | High fiber or high residue diet | 8 | 8 |   
. | Missing | 9754 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT7 - Diabetic diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT7
SAS Label:

    Diabetic diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7 | Diabetic diet (including gestational diabetic diets) | 155 | 155 |   
. | Missing | 9607 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT8 - Weight gain/Muscle building diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT8
SAS Label:

    Weight gain/Muscle building diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
8 | Weight gain/Muscle building diet | 24 | 24 |   
. | Missing | 9738 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT9 - Low carbohydrate diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT9
SAS Label:

    Low carbohydrate diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
9 | Low carbohydrate diet | 41 | 41 |   
. | Missing | 9721 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT10 - High protein diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT10
SAS Label:

    High protein diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
10 | High protein diet | 7 | 7 |   
. | Missing | 9755 | 9762 |   
  
### DRQSDT91 - Other special diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT91
SAS Label:

    Other special diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
91 | Other special diet | 49 | 49 |   
. | Missing | 9713 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TNUMF - Number of foods reported

Variable Name:

    DR1TNUMF
SAS Label:

    Number of foods reported
English Text:

    Total number of foods reported in the individual foods file
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 52 | Range of Values | 9255 | 9255 |   
. | Missing | 507 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TKCAL - Energy (kcal)

Variable Name:

    DR1TKCAL
SAS Label:

    Energy (kcal)
English Text:

    Energy (kcal)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13509 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TPROT - Protein (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TPROT
SAS Label:

    Protein (gm)
English Text:

    Protein (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 474.01 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TCARB - Carbohydrate (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCARB
SAS Label:

    Carbohydrate (gm)
English Text:

    Carbohydrate (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1650.7 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TSUGR - Total sugars (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TSUGR
SAS Label:

    Total sugars (gm)
English Text:

    Total sugars (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1022.98 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TFIBE - Dietary fiber (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TFIBE
SAS Label:

    Dietary fiber (gm)
English Text:

    Dietary fiber (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 113.9 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TTFAT - Total fat (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TTFAT
SAS Label:

    Total fat (gm)
English Text:

    Total fat (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 601.33 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TSFAT - Total saturated fatty acids (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TSFAT
SAS Label:

    Total saturated fatty acids (gm)
English Text:

    Total saturated fatty acids (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 238.127 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TMFAT - Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TMFAT
SAS Label:

    Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)
English Text:

    Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 225.188 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TPFAT - Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TPFAT
SAS Label:

    Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)
English Text:

    Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 136.1 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TCHOL - Cholesterol (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCHOL
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mg)
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2702 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TATOC - Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TATOC
SAS Label:

    Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)
English Text:

    Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 75.54 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TATOA - Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TATOA
SAS Label:

    Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)
English Text:

    Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 40.6 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TRET - Retinol (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TRET
SAS Label:

    Retinol (mcg)
English Text:

    Retinol (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 19273 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TVARA - Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVARA
SAS Label:

    Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin A as retinol activity equivalents (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 19476 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TACAR - Alpha-carotene (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TACAR
SAS Label:

    Alpha-carotene (mcg)
English Text:

    Alpha-carotene (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 25727 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TBCAR - Beta-carotene (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TBCAR
SAS Label:

    Beta-carotene (mcg)
English Text:

    Beta-carotene (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 60867 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TCRYP - Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCRYP
SAS Label:

    Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)
English Text:

    Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9300 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TLYCO - Lycopene (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TLYCO
SAS Label:

    Lycopene (mcg)
English Text:

    Lycopene (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 128835 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TLZ - Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TLZ
SAS Label:

    Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)
English Text:

    Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 50656 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TVB1 - Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVB1
SAS Label:

    Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)
English Text:

    Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 23.111 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TVB2 - Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVB2
SAS Label:

    Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)
English Text:

    Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 27.071 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TNIAC - Niacin (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TNIAC
SAS Label:

    Niacin (mg)
English Text:

    Niacin (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 217.829 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TVB6 - Vitamin B6 (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVB6
SAS Label:

    Vitamin B6 (mg)
English Text:

    Vitamin B6 (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 19.455 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TFOLA - Total folate (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TFOLA
SAS Label:

    Total folate (mcg)
English Text:

    Total folate (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 4803 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TFA - Folic acid (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TFA
SAS Label:

    Folic acid (mcg)
English Text:

    Folic acid (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 4109 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TFF - Food folate (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TFF
SAS Label:

    Food folate (mcg)
English Text:

    Food folate (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2226 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TFDFE - Folate, DFE (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TFDFE
SAS Label:

    Folate, DFE (mcg)
English Text:

    Folate as dietary folate equivalents (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7676 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TCHL - Total choline (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCHL
SAS Label:

    Total choline (mg) 
English Text:

    Total choline (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1738.8 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TVB12 - Vitamin B12 (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVB12
SAS Label:

    Vitamin B12 (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin B12 (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 205.21 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TB12A - Added vitamin B12 (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TB12A
SAS Label:

    Added vitamin B12 (mcg)
English Text:

    Added vitamin B12 (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 38.86 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TVC - Vitamin C (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVC
SAS Label:

    Vitamin C (mg)
English Text:

    Vitamin C (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1010.3 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TVD - Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVD
SAS Label:

    Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 110.4 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TVK - Vitamin K (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVK
SAS Label:

    Vitamin K (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin K (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2134 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TCALC - Calcium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCALC
SAS Label:

    Calcium (mg)
English Text:

    Calcium (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7206 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TPHOS - Phosphorus (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TPHOS
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mg)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8448 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TMAGN - Magnesium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TMAGN
SAS Label:

    Magnesium (mg)
English Text:

    Magnesium (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1675 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TIRON - Iron (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TIRON
SAS Label:

    Iron (mg)
English Text:

    Iron (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 103.17 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TZINC - Zinc (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TZINC
SAS Label:

    Zinc (mg)
English Text:

    Zinc (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 309.92 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TCOPP - Copper (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCOPP
SAS Label:

    Copper (mg)
English Text:

    Copper (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 37.581 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TSODI - Sodium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TSODI
SAS Label:

    Sodium (mg)
English Text:

    Sodium (mg) (adjusted for salt use in food preparation)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 21248 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TPOTA - Potassium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TPOTA
SAS Label:

    Potassium (mg)
English Text:

    Potassium (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11724 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TSELE - Selenium (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TSELE
SAS Label:

    Selenium (mcg)
English Text:

    Selenium (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 758.2 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TCAFF - Caffeine (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCAFF
SAS Label:

    Caffeine (mg)
English Text:

    Caffeine (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 4295 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TTHEO - Theobromine (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TTHEO
SAS Label:

    Theobromine (mg)
English Text:

    Theobromine (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1135 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TALCO - Alcohol (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TALCO
SAS Label:

    Alcohol (gm)
English Text:

    Alcohol (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 421.2 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TMOIS - Moisture (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TMOIS
SAS Label:

    Moisture (gm)
English Text:

    Moisture (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13675.99 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TS040 - SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS040
SAS Label:

    SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9.39 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TS060 - SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS060
SAS Label:

    SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5.634 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TS080 - SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS080
SAS Label:

    SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 16.427 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TS100 - SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS100
SAS Label:

    SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11.221 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TS120 - SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS120
SAS Label:

    SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 22.39 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TS140 - SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS140
SAS Label:

    SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 29.683 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TS160 - SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS160
SAS Label:

    SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 120.117 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TS180 - SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS180
SAS Label:

    SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 61.594 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TM161 - MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TM161
SAS Label:

    MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13.588 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TM181 - MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TM181
SAS Label:

    MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 211.699 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TM201 - MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TM201
SAS Label:

    MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5.414 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TM221 - MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TM221
SAS Label:

    MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7.235 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TP182 - PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP182
SAS Label:

    PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 127.864 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TP183 - PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP183
SAS Label:

    PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 18.595 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TP184 - PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP184
SAS Label:

    PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 0.556 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TP204 - PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP204
SAS Label:

    PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1.269 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TP205 - PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP205
SAS Label:

    PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2.478 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TP225 - PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP225
SAS Label:

    PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 0.616 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TP226 - PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP226
SAS Label:

    PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 3.389 | Range of Values | 9118 | 9118 |   
. | Missing | 644 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1_300 - Compare food consumed yesterday to usual

Variable Name:

    DR1_300
SAS Label:

    Compare food consumed yesterday to usual
English Text:

    Was the amount of food that {you/NAME} ate yesterday much more than usual, usual, or much less than usual?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Much more than usual | 650 | 650 |   
2 | Usual | 7024 | 7674 |   
3 | Much less than usual | 1624 | 9298 |   
7 | Refused | 0 | 9298 |   
9 | Don't know | 40 | 9338 |   
. | Missing | 424 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1_320Z - Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1_320Z
SAS Label:

    Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)
English Text:

    Total plain water drank yesterday - including plain tap water, water from a drinking fountain, water from a water cooler, bottled water, and spring water.
English Instructions:

    Calculated from water consumption records reported as part of the 24-hour dietary recall interview.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9472 | Range of Values | 9255 | 9255 |   
. | Missing | 507 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1_330Z - Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1_330Z
SAS Label:

    Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)
English Text:

    Total tap water drank yesterday - including filtered tap water and water from a drinking fountain.
English Instructions:

    Calculated from tap water consumption records reported as part of the 24-hour dietary recall interview.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8591.25 | Range of Values | 9255 | 9255 |   
. | Missing | 507 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1BWATZ - Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1BWATZ
SAS Label:

    Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)
English Text:

    Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)
English Instructions:

    Calculated from bottle water consumption records reported as part of the 24-hour dietary recall interview.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9472 | Range of Values | 9255 | 9255 |   
. | Missing | 507 | 9762 |   
  
### DR1TWS - Tap water source

Variable Name:

    DR1TWS
SAS Label:

    Tap water source
English Text:

    When you drink tap water, what is the main source of the tap water? Is the city water supply (community water supply); a well or rain cistern; a spring; or something else?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Community supply | 5989 | 5989 |   
2 | Well or rain cistern | 729 | 6718 |   
3 | Spring | 99 | 6817 |   
4 | Don't drink tap water | 2145 | 8962 |   
91 | Other | 6 | 8968 |   
99 | Don't know | 370 | 9338 |   
. | Missing | 424 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD340 - Shellfish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD340
SAS Label:

    Shellfish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Please look at this list of shellfish. During the past 30 days did you eat any types of shellfish listed on this card? Include any foods that had shellfish in them such as sandwiches, soups, or salads.
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 3759 | 3759 |   
2 | No | 5098 | 8857 | DRD360  
7 | Refused | 8 | 8865 | DRD360  
9 | Don't know | 37 | 8902 | DRD360  
. | Missing | 860 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350A - Clams eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350A
SAS Label:

    Clams eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Clams eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 356 | 356 |   
2 | No | 3403 | 3759 | DRD350B  
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350AQ - # of times clams eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350AQ
SAS Label:

    # of times clams eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times clams were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 15 | Range of Values | 356 | 356 |   
. | Missing | 9406 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350B - Crabs eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350B
SAS Label:

    Crabs eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Crabs eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 813 | 813 |   
2 | No | 2946 | 3759 | DRD350C  
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350BQ - # of times crabs eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350BQ
SAS Label:

    # of times crabs eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times crab was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 30 | Range of Values | 813 | 813 |   
. | Missing | 8949 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350C - Crayfish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350C
SAS Label:

    Crayfish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Crayfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 77 | 77 |   
2 | No | 3682 | 3759 | DRD350D  
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350CQ - # of times crayfish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350CQ
SAS Label:

    # of times crayfish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times crayfish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 15 | Range of Values | 77 | 77 |   
. | Missing | 9685 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350D - Lobsters eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350D
SAS Label:

    Lobsters eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Lobsters eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 256 | 256 |   
2 | No | 3503 | 3759 | DRD350E  
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350DQ - # of times lobsters eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350DQ
SAS Label:

    # of times lobsters eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times lobster was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 22 | Range of Values | 256 | 256 |   
. | Missing | 9506 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350E - Mussels eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350E
SAS Label:

    Mussels eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Mussels eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 158 | 158 |   
2 | No | 3601 | 3759 | DRD350F  
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350EQ - # of times mussels eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350EQ
SAS Label:

    # of times mussels eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times mussels were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 12 | Range of Values | 158 | 158 |   
. | Missing | 9604 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350F - Oysters eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350F
SAS Label:

    Oysters eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Oysters eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 276 | 276 |   
2 | No | 3483 | 3759 | DRD350G  
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350FQ - # of times oysters eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350FQ
SAS Label:

    # of times oysters eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times oysters were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 12 | Range of Values | 276 | 276 |   
. | Missing | 9486 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350G - Scallops eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350G
SAS Label:

    Scallops eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Scallops eaten during the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 309 | 309 |   
2 | No | 3450 | 3759 | DRD350H  
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350GQ - # of times scallops eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350GQ
SAS Label:

    # of times scallops eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times scallops were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 10 | Range of Values | 309 | 309 |   
. | Missing | 9453 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350H - Shrimp eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350H
SAS Label:

    Shrimp eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Shrimp eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 3320 | 3320 |   
2 | No | 439 | 3759 | DRD350I  
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350HQ - # of times shrimp eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350HQ
SAS Label:

    # of times shrimp eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times shrimp was eaten in the last 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 30 | Range of Values | 3320 | 3320 |   
. | Missing | 6442 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350I - Other shellfish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350I
SAS Label:

    Other shellfish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Other shellfish ( ex. octopus, squid) eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 204 | 204 |   
2 | No | 3555 | 3759 | DRD350J  
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350IQ - # of times other shellfish eaten

Variable Name:

    DRD350IQ
SAS Label:

    # of times other shellfish eaten
English Text:

    Number of times other shellfish (ex. octopus, squid) was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 15 | Range of Values | 204 | 204 |   
. | Missing | 9558 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350J - Other unknown shellfish eaten past 30 d

Variable Name:

    DRD350J
SAS Label:

    Other unknown shellfish eaten past 30 d
English Text:

    Other unknown shellfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 12 | 12 |   
2 | No | 3747 | 3759 | DRD350K  
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350JQ - # of times other unknown shellfish eaten

Variable Name:

    DRD350JQ
SAS Label:

    # of times other unknown shellfish eaten
English Text:

    Number of times other unknown shellfish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 10 | Range of Values | 12 | 12 |   
. | Missing | 9750 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD350K - Refused on shellfish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350K
SAS Label:

    Refused on shellfish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Refused to give detailed information on shellfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 0 | 0 |   
2 | No | 3759 | 3759 |   
. | Missing | 6003 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD360 - Fish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD360
SAS Label:

    Fish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Please look at this list of fish. During the past 30 days did you eat any types of fish listed on this card? Include any foods that had fish in them such as sandwiches, soups, or salads.
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 5424 | 5424 |   
2 | No | 3429 | 8853 | End of Section  
7 | Refused | 10 | 8863 | End of Section  
9 | Don't know | 39 | 8902 | End of Section  
. | Missing | 860 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370A - Breaded fish products eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370A
SAS Label:

    Breaded fish products eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Breaded fish products eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 841 | 841 |   
2 | No | 4583 | 5424 | DRD370B  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370AQ - # of times breaded fish products eaten

Variable Name:

    DRD370AQ
SAS Label:

    # of times breaded fish products eaten
English Text:

    Number of times breaded fish products were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 20 | Range of Values | 841 | 841 |   
. | Missing | 8921 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370B - Tuna eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370B
SAS Label:

    Tuna eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Tuna eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 2073 | 2073 |   
2 | No | 3351 | 5424 | DRD370C  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370BQ - # of times tuna eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370BQ
SAS Label:

    # of times tuna eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times tuna was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 60 | Range of Values | 2073 | 2073 |   
. | Missing | 7689 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370C - Bass eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370C
SAS Label:

    Bass eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Bass eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 98 | 98 |   
2 | No | 5326 | 5424 | DRD370D  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370CQ - # of times bass eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370CQ
SAS Label:

    # of times bass eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times bass was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 10 | Range of Values | 98 | 98 |   
. | Missing | 9664 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370D - Catfish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370D
SAS Label:

    Catfish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Catfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 933 | 933 |   
2 | No | 4491 | 5424 | DRD370E  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370DQ - # of times catfish eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370DQ
SAS Label:

    # of times catfish eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times catfish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 15 | Range of Values | 933 | 933 |   
. | Missing | 8829 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370E - Cod eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370E
SAS Label:

    Cod eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Cod eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 445 | 445 |   
2 | No | 4979 | 5424 | DRD370F  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370EQ - # of times cod eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370EQ
SAS Label:

    # of times cod eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times cod was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 30 | Range of Values | 445 | 445 |   
. | Missing | 9317 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370F - Flatfish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370F
SAS Label:

    Flatfish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Flatfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 271 | 271 |   
2 | No | 5153 | 5424 | DRD370G  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370FQ - # of times flatfish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370FQ
SAS Label:

    # of times flatfish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times flatfish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 10 | Range of Values | 271 | 271 |   
. | Missing | 9491 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370G - Haddock eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370G
SAS Label:

    Haddock eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Haddock eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 123 | 123 |   
2 | No | 5301 | 5424 | DRD370H  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370GQ - # of times haddock eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370GQ
SAS Label:

    # of times haddock eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times haddock was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 10 | Range of Values | 123 | 123 |   
. | Missing | 9639 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370H - Mackerel eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370H
SAS Label:

    Mackerel eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Mackerel eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 86 | 86 |   
2 | No | 5338 | 5424 | DRD370I  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370HQ - # of times mackerel eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370HQ
SAS Label:

    # of times mackerel eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times mackerel was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 15 | Range of Values | 86 | 86 |   
. | Missing | 9676 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370I - Perch eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370I
SAS Label:

    Perch eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Perch eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 208 | 208 |   
2 | No | 5216 | 5424 | DRD370J  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370IQ - # of times perch eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370IQ
SAS Label:

    # of times perch eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times perch was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 8 | Range of Values | 208 | 208 |   
. | Missing | 9554 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370J - Pike eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370J
SAS Label:

    Pike eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Pike eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 8 | 8 |   
2 | No | 5416 | 5424 | DRD370K  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370JQ - # of times pike eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370JQ
SAS Label:

    # of times pike eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times pike was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 2 | Range of Values | 8 | 8 |   
. | Missing | 9754 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370K - Pollock eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370K
SAS Label:

    Pollock eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Pollock eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 144 | 144 |   
2 | No | 5280 | 5424 | DRD370L  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370KQ - # of times pollock eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370KQ
SAS Label:

    # of times pollock eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times pollock was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 15 | Range of Values | 144 | 144 |   
. | Missing | 9618 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370L - Porgy eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370L
SAS Label:

    Porgy eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Porgy eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 18 | 18 |   
2 | No | 5406 | 5424 | DRD370M  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370LQ - # of times porgy eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370LQ
SAS Label:

    # of times porgy eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times porgy was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 4 | Range of Values | 18 | 18 |   
. | Missing | 9744 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370M - Salmon eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370M
SAS Label:

    Salmon eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Salmon eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 1596 | 1596 |   
2 | No | 3828 | 5424 | DRD370N  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370MQ - # of times salmon eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370MQ
SAS Label:

    # of times salmon eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times salmon was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 30 | Range of Values | 1596 | 1596 |   
. | Missing | 8166 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370N - Sardines eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370N
SAS Label:

    Sardines eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Sardines eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 215 | 215 |   
2 | No | 5209 | 5424 | DRD370O  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370NQ - # of times sardines eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370NQ
SAS Label:

    # of times sardines eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times sardines were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 15 | Range of Values | 215 | 215 |   
. | Missing | 9547 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370O - Sea bass eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370O
SAS Label:

    Sea bass eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Sea bass eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 61 | 61 |   
2 | No | 5363 | 5424 | DRD370P  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370OQ - # of times sea bass eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370OQ
SAS Label:

    # of times sea bass eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times sea bass was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 6 | Range of Values | 61 | 61 |   
. | Missing | 9701 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370P - Shark eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370P
SAS Label:

    Shark eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Shark eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 26 | 26 |   
2 | No | 5398 | 5424 | DRD370Q  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370PQ - # of times shark eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370PQ
SAS Label:

    # of times shark eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times shark was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 5 | Range of Values | 26 | 26 |   
. | Missing | 9736 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370Q - Swordfish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370Q
SAS Label:

    Swordfish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Swordfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 51 | 51 |   
2 | No | 5373 | 5424 | DRD370R  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370QQ - # of times swordfish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370QQ
SAS Label:

    # of times swordfish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times swordfish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 4 | Range of Values | 51 | 51 |   
. | Missing | 9711 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370R - Trout eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370R
SAS Label:

    Trout eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Trout eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 272 | 272 |   
2 | No | 5152 | 5424 | DRD370S  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370RQ - # of times trout eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370RQ
SAS Label:

    # of times trout eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times trout was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 10 | Range of Values | 272 | 272 |   
. | Missing | 9490 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370S - Walleye eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370S
SAS Label:

    Walleye eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Walleye eaten during the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 67 | 67 |   
2 | No | 5357 | 5424 | DRD370T  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370SQ - # of times walleye eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370SQ
SAS Label:

    # of times walleye eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times walleye was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 20 | Range of Values | 67 | 67 |   
. | Missing | 9695 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370T - Other fish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370T
SAS Label:

    Other fish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Other type of fish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 1140 | 1140 |   
2 | No | 4284 | 5424 | DRD370U  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370TQ - # of times other fish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370TQ
SAS Label:

    # of times other fish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times other type of fish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 20 | Range of Values | 1140 | 1140 |   
. | Missing | 8622 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370U - Other unknown fish eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370U
SAS Label:

    Other unknown fish eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Other unknown type eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 408 | 408 |   
2 | No | 5016 | 5424 | DRD370V  
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370UQ - # of times other unknown fish eaten

Variable Name:

    DRD370UQ
SAS Label:

    # of times other unknown fish eaten
English Text:

    Number of times other unknown type of fish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 25 | Range of Values | 408 | 408 |   
. | Missing | 9354 | 9762 |   
  
### DRD370V - Refused on fish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370V
SAS Label:

    Refused on fish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Refused to give detailed information on fish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 0 | 0 |   
2 | No | 5424 | 5424 |   
. | Missing | 4338 | 9762 |   
  
## Appendix 1. Changes between WWEIA 2003-2004, WWEIA 2005-2006 and WWEIA
2007-2008

Item | WWEIA 2003-2004 | WWEIA 2005-2006 | WWEIA 2007-2008  
---|---|---|---  
Number of days of intake data released on each respondent | 2 days | 2 days | 2 days  
Nutrients included | Food energy and 62 nutrients/food components. "Added vitamin E" and "Added vitamin B12" were added. | Food energy and 63 nutrients/food components. Total choline added. | Food energy and 64 nutrients/food components. Vitamin D added.  
Food source (Where food obtained) | Collected and released. Codes for 23 food sources. | Collected and released. Codes for 24 food sources; added âfundraiser salesâ. | Same as 2005-2006  
Combination food types | Codes for 15 combination types; added âchips with additionsâ. | Same as 2003-2004 | Same as 2003-2004  
Eating occasion names (10 english, 10 spanish) | 20 codes; 3 existing codes modified and 2 new codes. | Same as 2003-2004 | Same as 2003-2004  
Special diet variables | Collected and released. | Same as 2003-2004 | Collected and released; 2 new codes: Low carbohydrate diet and High protein diet.  
Water consumed (does not include the moisture content of foods) | Total amount of non-sweetened water collected after the 24-hour recall and reported in the Total Nutrient Intake files. Minerals in tap water and plain bottled water not included. | All waters, including tap water and bottled water, were collected during the 24-hour recall and reported in the Individual Foods file, complete with food codes, gram weights and nutrient values. Summary water variables compatible with previous data cycles are included in the Total Nutrient Intake files with the exception of plain carbonated water. | Same as 2005-2006  
Number of intakes that include only water consumption for the day | 3 intakes (1 intake in Day 1 and 2 intakes in Day 2 data), no records in Individual Foods file. | 3 intakes (1 intake in Day 1 and 2 intakes in Day 2 data), records are included in Individual Foods file. | 5 intakes (all in Day 2 data), records are included in Individual Foods file.  
Number of intakes that include no water or food consumption for the day | No such intake reported. | No such intake reported. | 2 intakes (1 intake in Day 1 and 1 intake in Day 2) with no food or water records for the day. Records are not included in the Individual Foods File for these intakes.  
Eligible sample for questions on fish/ shellfish consumptions in the past 30 days | Children 1-5 years and women 16-49 years of age. | All examinees one year or older. | Same as 2005-2006  
Number of days between the intake day and the day of family interview | Not calculated | Not calculated | Calculated and released; 2 new continuous variables calculated for both Day 1 and Day 2  
  


## Appendix 2. Variables in the Individual Foods Files (DR1IFF_E and DR2IFF_E)
by Position

Day1 Name | Day2 Name | Variable Label  
---|---|---  
SEQN | SEQN | Respondent sequence number  
WTDRD1 | WTDRD1 | Dietary day one sample weight  
WTDR2D | WTDR2D | Dietary two-day sample weight  
DR1ILINE | DR2ILINE | Food/Individual component number  
DR1DRSTZ | DR2DRSTZ | Dietary recall status  
DR1EXMER | DR2EXMER | Interviewer ID code  
DRABF | DRABF | Breast-fed infant (either day)  
DRDINT | DRDINT | Number of days of intake  
DR1DBIH | DR2DBIH | # of days b/w intake and HH interview  
DR1DAY | DR2DAY | Intake day of the week  
DR1LANG | DR2LANG | Language respondent used mostly  
DR1CCMNM | DR2CCMNM | Combination food number  
DR1CCMTX | DR2CCMTX | Combination food type  
DR1_020 | DR2_020 | Time of eating occasion (HH:MM)  
DR1_030Z | DR2_030Z | Name of eating occasion  
DR1FS | DR2FS | Source of food  
DR1_040Z | DR2_040Z | Did you eat this meal at home?  
DR1IFDCD | DR2IFDCD | USDA food code  
DR1MC | DR2MC | Modification code  
DR1IGRMS | DR2IGRMS | Grams  
DR1IKCAL | DR2IKCAL | Energy (kcal)  
DR1IPROT | DR2IPROT | Protein (gm)  
DR1ICARB | DR2ICARB | Carbohydrate (gm)  
DR1ISUGR | DR2ISUGR | Total sugars (gm)  
DR1IFIBE | DR2IFIBE | Dietary fiber (gm)  
DR1ITFAT | DR2ITFAT | Total fat (gm)  
DR1ISFAT | DR2ISFAT | Total saturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1IMFAT | DR2IMFAT | Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1IPFAT | DR2IPFAT | Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1ICHOL | DR2ICHOL | Cholesterol (mg)  
DR1IATOC | DR2IATOC | Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)  
DR1IATOA | DR2IATOA | Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)  
DR1IRET | DR2IRET | Retinol (mcg)  
DR1IVARA | DR2IVARA | Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)  
DR1IACAR | DR2IACAR | Alpha-carotene (mcg)  
DR1IBCAR | DR2IBCAR | Beta-carotene (mcg)  
DR1ICRYP | DR2ICRYP | Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)  
DR1ILYCO | DR2ILYCO | Lycopene (mcg)  
DR1ILZ | DR2ILZ | Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)  
DR1IVB1 | DR2IVB1 | Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)  
DR1IVB2 | DR2IVB2 | Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)  
DR1INIAC | DR2INIAC | Niacin (mg)  
DR1IVB6 | DR2IVB6 | Vitamin B6 (mg)  
DR1IFOLA | DR2IFOLA | Total Folate (mcg)  
DR1IFA | DR2IFA | Folic acid (mcg)  
DR1IFF | DR2IFF | Food folate (mcg)  
DR1IFDFE | DR2IFDFE | Folate, DFE (mcg)  
DR1ICHL | DR2ICHL | Total choline (mg)  
DR1IVB12 | DR2IVB12 | Vitamin B12 (mcg)  
DR1IB12A | DR2IB12A | Added vitamin B12 (mcg)  
DR1IVC | DR2IVC | Vitamin C (mg)  
DR1IVD | DR2IVD | Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)  
DR1IVK | DR2IVK | Vitamin K (mcg)  
DR1ICALC | DR2ICALC | Calcium (mg)  
DR1IPHOS | DR2IPHOS | Phosphorus (mg)  
DR1IMAGN | DR2IMAGN | Magnesium (mg)  
DR1IIRON | DR2IIRON | Iron (mg)  
DR1IZINC | DR2IZINC | Zinc (mg)  
DR1ICOPP | DR2ICOPP | Copper (mg)  
DR1ISODI | DR2ISODI | Sodium (mg)  
DR1IPOTA | DR2IPOTA | Potassium (mg)  
DR1ISELE | DR2ISELE | Selenium (mcg)  
DR1ICAFF | DR2ICAFF | Caffeine (mg)  
DR1ITHEO | DR2ITHEO | Theobromine (mg)  
DR1IALCO | DR2IALCO | Alcohol (gm)  
DR1IMOIS | DR2IMOIS | Moisture (gm)  
DR1IS040 | DR2IS040 | SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS060 | DR2IS060 | SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS080 | DR2IS080 | SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS100 | DR2IS100 | SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS120 | DR2IS120 | SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS140 | DR2IS140 | SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS160 | DR2IS160 | SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS180 | DR2IS180 | SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)  
DR1IM161 | DR2IM161 | MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)  
DR1IM181 | DR2IM181 | MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)  
DR1IM201 | DR2IM201 | MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)  
DR1IM221 | DR2IM221 | MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)  
DR1IP182 | DR2IP182 | PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)  
DR1IP183 | DR2IP183 | PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)  
DR1IP184 | DR2IP184 | PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)  
DR1IP204 | DR2IP204 | PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)  
DR1IP205 | DR2IP205 | PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)  
DR1IP225 | DR2IP225 | PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)  
DR1IP226 | DR2IP226 | PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)  
  


## Appendix 3. List of Nutrients/Food Components (Unit)

**Energy and Macronutrients**

Food energy (kcal)  
Protein (gm)  
Carbohydrate (gm)  
Fat, total (gm)  
Alcohol (gm)

Sugars, total (gm)  
Dietary fiber, total (gm)  
Water (moisture) (gm)*

Saturated fatty acids, total (gm)  
Monounsaturated fatty acids, total (gm)  
Polyunsaturated fatty acids, total (gm)  
Cholesterol (mg)

Individual fatty acids:  
Â Â Â 4:0 (gm)  
Â Â Â 6:0 (gm)  
Â Â Â 8:0 (gm)  
Â Â Â 10:0 (gm)  
Â Â Â 12:0 (gm)  
Â Â Â 14:0 (gm)  
Â Â Â 16:0 (gm)  
Â Â Â 18:0 (gm)  
Â Â Â 16:1 (gm)  
Â Â Â 18:1 (gm)  
Â Â Â 20:1 (gm)  
Â Â Â 22:1 (gm)  
Â Â Â 18:2 (gm)  
Â Â Â 18:3 (gm)  
Â Â Â 18:4 (gm)  
Â Â Â 20:4 (gm)  
Â Â Â 20:5 n-3 (gm)  
Â Â Â 22:5 n-3 (gm)  
Â Â Â 22:6 n-3 (gm)

**Vitamins, Minerals, and Other Components**

Vitamin A as retinol activity equivalents (mcg)  
Retinol (mcg)  
Carotenoids:  
Â Â Â Carotene, alpha (mcg)  
Â Â Â Carotene, beta (mcg)  
Â Â Â Cryptoxanthin, beta (mcg)  
Â Â Â Lycopene (mcg)  
Â Â Â Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)  
Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)  
Â Â Â Added vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)  
Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)  
Vitamin K as phylloquinone (mcg)  
Vitamin C (mg)  
Thiamin (mg)  
Riboflavin (mg)  
Niacin (mg)  
Vitamin B-6 (mg)  
Folate, total (mcg)  
Â Â Â Folate as dietary folate equivalents (mcg)  
Â Â Â Folic acid (mcg)  
Â Â Â Food folate (mcg)  
Choline, total (mg)  
Vitamin B-12 (mcg)  
Â Â Â Added vitamin B-12 (mcg)

Calcium (mg)  
Iron (mg)  
Magnesium (mg)  
Phosphorus (mg)  
Potassium (mg)  
Sodium (mg)  
Zinc (mg)  
Copper (mg)  
Selenium (mcg)  
Caffeine (mg)  
Theobromine (mg)  
__________________________________________________________________________

_Â * Value reflects moisture present in all foods, beverages, and water
consumed as a beverage (variables DR1IMOIS, DR2IMOIS, DR1TMOIS, DR2TMOIS)_

Â

## Appendix 4. Adding Food Code Descriptions or Modification Code Descriptions
to Your Files

Two technical support files are included with the Individual Foods files: the
Food Code Description file (DRXFCD_E) and the Modification Code Description
file (DRXMCD_E).

The DRXFCD_E file includes abbreviated descriptions (up to 60 characters) and
complete descriptions (up to 200 characters) associated with each USDA food
code identified in the Individual Foods files. The DRXMCD_E file includes
descriptions associated with each modification code identified in the
Individual Foods files.

The Food Code Description file (DRXFCD_E) contains two variables:

**DRDIFDCD** a numeric value corresponding to DR1IFDCD in the file DR1IFF_E or
DR2IFDCD in the file DR2IFF_E.

**DRXFCLD** a long description (up to 200 characters) of the food code.

The Modification Code Description file (DRXMCD_E) contains two variables:

**DRDMC** a numeric value corresponding to DR1MC in the file DR1IFF_E or DR2MC
in the file DR2IFF_E.

**DRMCD** a description (up to 200 characters) of the modification code.

The following SQL code is an example of appending the modifications code
description (here called DR1MCD) to one of the Individual Foods files. This
code is for SASÂ® Proc SQL. Other SQL implementations may be different. This
same technique may be used for the Food Code Description file as well.

**

    
    
    Â Â Â Â     proc sql;Â 
    Â Â Â Â Â Â Â    create table dr1iff_e_plus asÂ 
    Â Â Â Â Â Â Â    select a.*, b.drxmcd as dr1mcdÂ 
    Â Â Â Â Â Â Â    from nhanes.dr1iff_e aÂ 
    Â Â Â Â Â Â Â    left joinÂ 
    Â Â Â Â Â Â Â    nhanes.drxmcd_e bÂ 
    Â Â Â Â Â Â Â    on a.dr1mc = b.drxmcÂ 
    Â Â Â Â Â Â Â    order by seqn, dr1iline;Â 
    Â Â Â Â     quit;

**

SASÂ® users may wish to use Proc Format to assign labels to the food codes or
to the modification codes. The following example assigns a permanent format to
the food code based on the short description. It is assumed that the user has
stored the Individual Foods files and the Food Code Description file in a
library called NHANES and wishes to store the formats there as well.

**

    
    
           options fmtsearch = (NHANES);
    
           data DRXFMT; 
             set NHANES.DRXFCD_E; 
             retain FMTNAME 'DRIFDCD'; 
             rename DRDIFDCD = start; 
             rename DRXFCSD  = value; 
             drop DRXFCLD; 
           run;
    
           proc format cntlin = DRXFMT 
             library = NHANES; 
           run;
    
           proc datasets lib = NHANES; 
             modify DR1IFFC; 
             format DR1IFDCD DRDIFDCD.; 
             modify DR2IFFC; 
             format DR2IFDCD DRDIFDCD.; 
           quit;
    

**

__________________________________________________________________________

_Â SAS Â® is a registered trademark of SAS Institute, Inc._

Â

## Appendix 5. DR1TOT_E and DR2TOT_E Variables by Position

Day1 Name | Day2 Name | Variable Label  
---|---|---  
SEQN | SEQN | Respondent sequence number  
WTDRD1 | WTDRD1 | Dietary day one sample weight  
WTDR2D | WTDR2D | Dietary two-day sample weight  
DR1DRSTZ | DR2DRSTZ | Dietary recall status  
DR1EXMER | DR2EXMER | Interviewer ID code  
DRABF | DRABF | Breast-fed infant (either day)  
DRDINT | DRDINT | Number of days of intake  
DR1DBIH | DR2DBIH | # of days b/w intake and HH interview  
DR1DAY | DR2DAY | Intake day of the week  
DR1LANG | DR2LANG | Language respondent used mostly  
DR1MNRSP | DR2MNRSP | Main respondent for this interview  
DR1HELPD | DR2HELPD | Helped in responding for this interview  
DBQ095Z | N/A | Type of table salt used  
DBD100 | N/A | How often add salt to food at table  
DRQSPREP | N/A | Salt used in preparation?  
DRQSDIET | N/A | On special diet?  
DRQSDT1 | N/A | Weight loss/Low calorie diet  
DRQSDT2 | N/A | Low fat/Low cholesterol diet  
DRQSDT3 | N/A | Low salt/Low sodium diet  
DRQSDT4 | N/A | Sugar free/Low sugar diet  
DRQSDT5 | N/A | Low fiber diet  
DRQSDT6 | N/A | High fiber diet  
DRQSDT7 | N/A | Diabetic diet  
DRQSDT8 | N/A | Weight gain/Muscle building diet  
DRQSDT9 | N/A | Low carbohydrate diet  
DRQSDT10 | N/A | High protein diet  
DRQSDT91 | N/A | Other special diet  
DR1TNUMF | DR2TNUMF | Number of foods reported  
DR1TKCAL | DR2TKCAL | Energy (kcal)  
DR1TPROT | DR2TPROT | Protein (gm)  
DR1TCARB | DR2TCARB | Carbohydrate (gm)  
DR1TSUGR | DR2TSUGR | Total sugars (gm)  
DR1TFIBE | DR2TFIBE | Dietary fiber (gm)  
DR1TTFAT | DR2TTFAT | Total fat (gm)  
DR1TSFAT | DR2TSFAT | Total saturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1TMFAT | DR2TMFAT | Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1TPFAT | DR2TPFAT | Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1TCHOL | DR2TCHOL | Cholesterol (mg)  
DR1TATOC | DR2TATOC | Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)  
DR1TATOA | DR2TATOA | Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)  
DR1TRET | DR2TRET | Retinol (mcg)  
DR1TVARA | DR2TVARA | Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)  
DR1TACAR | DR2TACAR | Alpha-carotene (mcg)  
DR1TBCAR | DR2TBCAR | Beta-carotene (mcg)  
DR1TCRYP | DR2TCRYP | Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)  
DR1TLYCO | DR2TLYCO | Lycopene (mcg)  
DR1TLZ | DR2TLZ | Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)  
DR1TVB1 | DR2TVB1 | Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)  
DR1TVB2 | DR2TVB2 | Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)  
DR1TNIAC | DR2TNIAC | Niacin (mg)  
DR1TVB6 | DR2TVB6 | Vitamin B6 (mg)  
DR1TFOLA | DR2TFOLA | Total Folate (mcg)  
DR1TFA | DR2TFA | Folic acid (mcg)  
DR1TFF | DR2TFF | Food folate (mcg)  
DR1TFDFE | DR2TFDFE | Folate, DFE (mcg)  
DR1TCHL | DR2TCHL | Total choline (mg)  
DR1TVB12 | DR2TVB12 | Vitamin B12 (mcg)  
DR1TB12A | DR2TB12A | Added vitamin B12 (mcg)  
DR1TVC | DR2TVC | Vitamin C (mg)  
DR1TVD | DR2TVD | Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)  
DR1TVK | DR2TVK | Vitamin K (mcg)  
DR1TCALC | DR2TCALC | Calcium (mg)  
DR1TPHOS | DR2TPHOS | Phosphorus (mg)  
DR1TMAGN | DR2TMAGN | Magnesium (mg)  
DR1TIRON | DR2TIRON | Iron (mg)  
DR1TZINC | DR2TZINC | Zinc (mg)  
DR1TCOPP | DR2TCOPP | Copper (mg)  
DR1TSODI | DR2TSODI | Sodium (mg)  
DR1TPOTA | DR2TPOTA | Potassium (mg)  
DR1TSELE | DR2TSELE | Selenium (mcg)  
DR1TCAFF | DR2TCAFF | Caffeine (mg)  
DR1TTHEO | DR2TTHEO | Theobromine (mg)  
DR1TALCO | DR2TALCO | Alcohol (gm)  
DR1TMOIS | DR2TMOIS | Moisture (gm)  
DR1TS040 | DR2TS040 | SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS060 | DR2TS060 | SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS080 | DR2TS080 | SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS100 | DR2TS100 | SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS120 | DR2TS120 | SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS140 | DR2TS140 | SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS160 | DR2TS160 | SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS180 | DR2TS180 | SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TM161 | DR2TM161 | MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)  
DR1TM181 | DR2TM181 | MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)  
DR1TM201 | DR2TM201 | MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)  
DR1TM221 | DR2TM221 | MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP182 | DR2TP182 | PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)  
DR1TP183 | DR2TP183 | PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)  
DR1TP184 | DR2TP184 | PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP204 | DR2TP204 | PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP205 | DR2TP205 | PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP225 | DR2TP225 | PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP226 | DR2TP226 | PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)  
DR1_300 | DR2_300 | Compare food consumed yesterday to usual  
DR1_320Z | DR2_320Z | Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)  
DR1_330Z | DR2_330Z | Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)  
DR1BWATZ | DR2BWATZ | Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)  
DR1TWS | DR2TWS | Tap water source  
DRD340 | N/A | Shellfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350A | N/A | Clams eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350AQ | N/A | # of times clams eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350B | N/A | Crabs eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350BQ | N/A | # of times crabs eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350C | N/A | Crayfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350CQ | N/A | # of times crayfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD350D | N/A | Lobsters eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350DQ | N/A | # of times lobsters eaten past 30 days  
DRD350E | N/A | Mussels eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350EQ | N/A | # of times mussels eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350F | N/A | Oysters eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350FQ | N/A | # of times oysters eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350G | N/A | Scallops eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350GQ | N/A | # of times scallops eaten past 30 days  
DRD350H | N/A | Shrimp eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350HQ | N/A | # of times shrimp eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350I | N/A | Other shellfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD350IQ | N/A | # of times other shellfish eaten  
DRD350J | N/A | Other unknown shellfish eaten past 30 d  
DRD350JQ | N/A | # of times other unknown shellfish eaten  
DRD350K | N/A | Refused on shellfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD360 | N/A | Fish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370A | N/A | Breaded fish products eaten past 30 days  
DRD370AQ | N/A | # of times breaded fish products eaten  
DRD370B | N/A | Tuna eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370BQ | N/A | # of times tuna eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370C | N/A | Bass eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370CQ | N/A | # of times bass eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370D | N/A | Catfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370DQ | N/A | # of times catfish eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370E | N/A | Cod eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370EQ | N/A | # of times cod eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370F | N/A | Flatfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370FQ | N/A | # of times flatfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD370G | N/A | Haddock eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370GQ | N/A | # of times haddock eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370H | N/A | Mackerel eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370HQ | N/A | # of times mackerel eaten past 30 days  
DRD370I | N/A | Perch eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370IQ | N/A | # of times perch eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370J | N/A | Pike eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370JQ | N/A | # of times pike eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370K | N/A | Pollock eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370KQ | N/A | # of times pollock eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370L | N/A | Porgy eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370LQ | N/A | # of times porgy eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370M | N/A | Salmon eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370MQ | N/A | # of times salmon eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370N | N/A | Sardines eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370NQ | N/A | # of times sardines eaten past 30 days  
DRD370O | N/A | Sea bass eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370OQ | N/A | # of times sea bass eaten past 30 days  
DRD370P | N/A | Shark eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370PQ | N/A | # of times shark eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370Q | N/A | Swordfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370QQ | N/A | # of times swordfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD370R | N/A | Trout eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370RQ | N/A | # of times trout eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370S | N/A | Walleye eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370SQ | N/A | # of times walleye eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370T | N/A | Other fish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370TQ | N/A | # of times other fish eaten past 30 days  
DRD370U | N/A | Other unknown fish eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370UQ | N/A | # of times other unknown fish eaten  
DRD370V | N/A | Refused on fish eaten past 30 days

