### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Protocol and Procedure
  * Quality Assurance & Quality Control
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * WTDRD1 - Dietary day one sample weight
    * WTDR2D - Dietary two-day sample weight
    * DR1DRSTZ - Dietary recall status
    * DR1EXMER - Interviewer ID code
    * DRABF - Breast-fed infant (either day)
    * DRDINT - Number of days of intake
    * DR1DBIH - # of days b/w intake and HH interview
    * DR1DAY - Intake day of the week
    * DR1LANG - Language respondent used mostly
    * DR1MNRSP - Main respondent for this interview
    * DR1HELPD - Helped in responding for this interview
    * DBQ095Z - Type of table salt used
    * DBD100 - How often add salt to food at table
    * DRQSPREP - Salt used in preparation?
    * DR1STY - Salt used at table yesterday?
    * DR1SKY - Type of salt used yesterday
    * DRQSDIET - On special diet?
    * DRQSDT1 - Weight loss/Low calorie diet
    * DRQSDT2 - Low fat/Low cholesterol diet
    * DRQSDT3 - Low salt/Low sodium diet
    * DRQSDT4 - Sugar free/Low sugar diet
    * DRQSDT5 - Low fiber diet
    * DRQSDT6 - High fiber diet
    * DRQSDT7 - Diabetic diet
    * DRQSDT8 - Weight gain/Muscle building diet
    * DRQSDT9 - Low carbohydrate diet
    * DRQSDT10 - High protein diet
    * DRQSDT11 - Gluten-free/Celiac diet
    * DRQSDT12 - Renal/Kidney diet
    * DRQSDT91 - Other special diet
    * DR1TNUMF - Number of foods/beverages reported
    * DR1TKCAL - Energy (kcal)
    * DR1TPROT - Protein (gm)
    * DR1TCARB - Carbohydrate (gm)
    * DR1TSUGR - Total sugars (gm)
    * DR1TFIBE - Dietary fiber (gm)
    * DR1TTFAT - Total fat (gm)
    * DR1TSFAT - Total saturated fatty acids (gm)
    * DR1TMFAT - Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)
    * DR1TPFAT - Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)
    * DR1TCHOL - Cholesterol (mg)
    * DR1TATOC - Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)
    * DR1TATOA - Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)
    * DR1TRET - Retinol (mcg)
    * DR1TVARA - Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)
    * DR1TACAR - Alpha-carotene (mcg)
    * DR1TBCAR - Beta-carotene (mcg)
    * DR1TCRYP - Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)
    * DR1TLYCO - Lycopene (mcg)
    * DR1TLZ - Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)
    * DR1TVB1 - Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)
    * DR1TVB2 - Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)
    * DR1TNIAC - Niacin (mg)
    * DR1TVB6 - Vitamin B6 (mg)
    * DR1TFOLA - Total folate (mcg)
    * DR1TFA - Folic acid (mcg)
    * DR1TFF - Food folate (mcg)
    * DR1TFDFE - Folate, DFE (mcg)
    * DR1TCHL - Total choline (mg) 
    * DR1TVB12 - Vitamin B12 (mcg)
    * DR1TB12A - Added vitamin B12 (mcg)
    * DR1TVC - Vitamin C (mg)
    * DR1TVD - Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)
    * DR1TVK - Vitamin K (mcg)
    * DR1TCALC - Calcium (mg)
    * DR1TPHOS - Phosphorus (mg)
    * DR1TMAGN - Magnesium (mg)
    * DR1TIRON - Iron (mg)
    * DR1TZINC - Zinc (mg)
    * DR1TCOPP - Copper (mg)
    * DR1TSODI - Sodium (mg)
    * DR1TPOTA - Potassium (mg)
    * DR1TSELE - Selenium (mcg)
    * DR1TCAFF - Caffeine (mg)
    * DR1TTHEO - Theobromine (mg)
    * DR1TALCO - Alcohol (gm)
    * DR1TMOIS - Moisture (gm)
    * DR1TS040 - SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS060 - SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS080 - SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS100 - SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS120 - SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS140 - SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS160 - SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TS180 - SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)
    * DR1TM161 - MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TM181 - MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TM201 - MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TM221 - MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP182 - PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP183 - PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP184 - PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP204 - PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP205 - PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP225 - PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)
    * DR1TP226 - PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)
    * DR1_300 - Compare food consumed yesterday to usual
    * DR1_320Z - Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)
    * DR1_330Z - Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)
    * DR1BWATZ - Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)
    * DR1TWS - Tap water source
    * DRD340 - Shellfish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350A - Clams eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350AQ - # of times clams eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD350B - Crabs eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350BQ - # of times crabs eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD350C - Crayfish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350CQ - # of times crayfish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD350D - Lobsters eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350DQ - # of times lobsters eaten past 30 days
    * DRD350E - Mussels eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350EQ - # of times mussels eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD350F - Oysters eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350FQ - # of times oysters eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD350G - Scallops eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350GQ - # of times scallops eaten past 30 days
    * DRD350H - Shrimp eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD350HQ - # of times shrimp eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD350I - Other shellfish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD350IQ - # of times other shellfish eaten
    * DRD350J - Other unknown shellfish eaten past 30 d
    * DRD350JQ - # of times other unknown shellfish eaten
    * DRD350K - Refused on shellfish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD360 - Fish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370A - Breaded fish products eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370AQ - # of times breaded fish products eaten
    * DRD370B - Tuna eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370BQ - # of times tuna eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370C - Bass eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370CQ - # of times bass eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370D - Catfish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370DQ - # of times catfish eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370E - Cod eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370EQ - # of times cod eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370F - Flatfish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370FQ - # of times flatfish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370G - Haddock eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370GQ - # of times haddock eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370H - Mackerel eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370HQ - # of times mackerel eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370I - Perch eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370IQ - # of times perch eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370J - Pike eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370JQ - # of times pike eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370K - Pollock eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370KQ - # of times pollock eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370L - Porgy eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370LQ - # of times porgy eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370M - Salmon eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370MQ - # of times salmon eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370N - Sardines eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370NQ - # of times sardines eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370O - Sea bass eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370OQ - # of times sea bass eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370P - Shark eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370PQ - # of times shark eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370Q - Swordfish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370QQ - # of times swordfish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370R - Trout eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370RQ - # of times trout eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370S - Walleye eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370SQ - # of times walleye eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370T - Other fish eaten during past 30 days
    * DRD370TQ - # of times other fish eaten past 30 days
    * DRD370U - Other unknown fish eaten in past 30 days
    * DRD370UQ - # of times other unknown fish eaten
    * DRD370V - Refused on fish eaten past 30 days
  * Appendix 1. Changes between WWEIA survey cycles 2005-2006 thru 2013-2014
  * Appendix 2. Variables in the Individual Foods Files (DR1IFF_H and DR2IFF_H) by Position
  * Appendix 3. List of Nutrients/Food Components (Unit)
  * Appendix 4. Adding Food Code Descriptions to Your Files
  * Appendix 5. Variables in the Total Nutrients Files (DR1TOT_H and DR2TOT_H) by Position

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2013-2014 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Dietary Interview - Total Nutrient Intakes, First Day (DR1TOT_H)

####  Data File: DR1TOT_H.xpt

##### First Published: September 2016

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

The objective of the dietary interview component is to obtain detailed dietary
intake information from NHANES participants. The dietary intake data are used
to estimate the types and amounts of foods and beverages (including all types
of water) consumed during the 24-hour period prior to the interview (midnight
to midnight), and to estimate intakes of energy, nutrients, and other food
components from those foods and beverages. Following the dietary recall,
participants are asked questions on salt use, whether the person's overall
intake on the previous day was much more than usual, usual or much less than
usual, and whether the respondent is on any type of special diet. Questions on
frequency of fish and shellfish consumed during the past 30 days were asked of
survey participants 1 year or older, with the use of proxies for young
children (see the MEC In-Person Dietary Interviewers Procedures Manual for
more information on the proxy interview).

The dietary interview component, called What We Eat in America (WWEIA), is
conducted as a partnership between the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS). Under this
partnership, DHHS' National Center for Health Statistics (NCHS) is responsible
for the survey sample design and all aspects of data collection and USDA's
Food Surveys Research Group (FSRG) is responsible for the dietary data
collection methodology, maintenance of the databases used to code and process
the data, and data review and processing.

All NHANES participants are eligible for two 24-hour dietary recall
interviews. The first dietary recall interview is collected in-person in the
Mobile Examination Center (MEC) and the second interview is collected by
telephone 3 to 10 days later.

As in previous years, two types of dietary intake data are available for the
2013-2014 survey cycle: Individual Foods files and Total Nutrient Intakes
files.

**What's New with the 2013-2014 WWEIA Release:**

In the Individual Foods files, 2 response options regarding where each
food/beverage was obtained were changed for clarification. The "Child care
center" code was modified to "Child/Adult care center" and the "Family/Adult
day care center" code was modified to "Child/Adult home care."

In the Total Nutrient files, variables were added for 2 new questions asked in
day 1 and day 2 about salt use at the table _yesterday_ and the kind of salt
used. These questions are in addition to the question that is asked in day 1
about _usual_ salt use at the table and the kind of salt used.

**Appendix 1**  provides a summary of changes among the 5 latest cycles of
data collection.

**Dietary Interview Data Files:** Four data files were produced from the
information collected in the dietary interviews: two Individual Foods files
and two Total Nutrient Intakes files. Each file includes one day of intake
data. The number "1" or "2" in the file name identifies the day (and mode) of
the interview: 1 = first day (in-person), 2 = second day (phone). File names
are as follows:

File Names for Dietary Interview Data: File | Day 1 | Day 2  
---|---|---  
Individual Foods File | DR1IFF_H | DR2IFF_H  
Total Nutrient Intakes File | DR1TOT_H | DR2TOT_H  
  
The amounts in these files reflect only nutrients obtained from foods,
beverages, and water, including tap and bottled water. They do not include
nutrients obtained from dietary supplement intakes, antacids, or medications.
Data on intake of dietary supplement use are available on the [NHANES
2013-2014 Dietary
Data](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Dietary&CycleBeginYear=2013)
page.

**Individual Foods Files (DR1IFF_H and DR2IFF_H):**  Detailed information
about each food/beverage item (including the description, amount of, and
nutrient content) reported by each participant is included in the Individual
Foods files. The names for both Day 1 and Day 2 variables are listed in
**Appendix 2**.

The Individual Foods files include, for each interview day, one record for
each food/beverage consumed by a participant. Each record is uniquely numbered
within a participant's set of records and contains the information listed
below:

  * Number of days of complete intake obtained from participant 
  * Day of the week of the intake 
  * Whether the food/beverage was eaten in combination with other foods, such as in a sandwich 
  * Time of eating occasion when the food was eaten 
  * Eating occasion name 
  * Where the food/beverage was obtained 
  * Whether the meal/snack was eaten at home or not 
  * A USDA FNDDS code identifying the food/beverage 
  * Amount of food/beverage consumed, in grams 
  * Food energy and 64 nutrients/food components (listed in **Appendix 3**) from each food/beverage as calculated using USDA's Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies 2013-2014 (FNDDS 2013-2014) 

Descriptions for the USDA FNDDS food codes are provided in the Food Code
Description file (DRXFCD_H). The DRXFCD_H file includes abbreviated
descriptions (up to 80 characters) and complete descriptions (up to 200
characters) associated with each USDA food code in the FNDDS 2013-2014.
**Appendix 4** provides SAS code examples that may be used to link the food
code description to the Individual Foods file.

**Total Nutrient Intakes Files (DR1TOT_H and DR2TOT_H):**  For each
participant, daily total energy and nutrient intakes from foods and beverages,
and whether the amount of food consumed was usual, much more than usual, or
much less than usual, are included in the Total Nutrient Intakes files. The
Day 1 file also includes information on salt use in cooking and at the table;
whether the participant is currently on any kind of diet to lose weight or for
another health-related reason and, if so, the type of diet; and information on
frequency of fish and shellfish consumption for participants aged 1 or older.
The names for both Day 1 and Day 2 variables are listed in **Appendix 5**.

The Total Nutrient Intakes files provide a summary record of total nutrient
intakes for each individual. Each total intake record contains the following
information:

  * Number of days of complete intake obtained from participant 
  * Day of the week of the intake 
  * Type of salt used and how often added at the table and in food preparation (Day 1 file only)
  * Use of salt at the table yesterday and the type of salt used
  * Whether the participant is currently on any kind of diet to lose weight or for other health-related reason and, if so, the type of diet (Day 1 file only) 
  * Total number of foods and beverages including water reported for that participant for that day's intake 
  * Daily aggregates of food energy and 64 nutrients/food components (listed in **Appendix 3**) from all foods/beverages as calculated using USDA's Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies 2013-2014 (FNDDS 2013-2014) 
  * Whether the amount of food consumed was usual, much more than usual, or much less than usual 
  * Total amount of tap and bottled water consumed (calculated as the sum of reports of water drunk by itself in the 24-hour recall) and the usual source of tap water 
  * Frequency of fish and shellfish consumption in the past 30 days (participants one year or older, Day 1 file only) 

## Eligible Sample

All NHANES participants are eligible for the dietary interview component.
However, only participants one year or older are eligible for the frequency of
fish and shellfish consumption questions following the 24-hour recall.

## Protocol and Procedure

The examination protocol and data collection methods are fully documented in
the NHANES dietary interviewer procedures manuals (**In-person interview** :
<https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_mec_in-
person_dietary_interview-manual.pdf>;  **phone follow-up
interview****:**<https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/phone_follow-
up_dietary_interviewers_manual.pdf>).  

Interviews were conducted for participants less than six years of age with a
proxy (who was generally the person most knowledgeable about the participant's
intake). Interviews of children ages 6 to 8, were conducted with a proxy and
the child present to assist in reporting intake information. Interviews of
children ages 9-11, were conducted with the child and the assistance of a
proxy familiar with the child's intake. Participants 12 years or older
answered for themselves. Dietary interviewers conducted interviews in English
and Spanish. Translators were used to conduct interviews in other languages.

The in-person interview was conducted in a private room in the NHANES mobile
examination center (MEC). A set of measuring guides (various glasses, bowls,
mugs, bottles, household spoons, measuring cups and spoons, a ruler, thickness
sticks, bean bags, and circles) was available in the MEC dietary interview
room for the participant to use for reporting amounts of foods (NHANES
Measuring Guides for the Dietary Recall Interview:
<https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/measuring_guides_dri/measuringguides.htm>).
Upon completion of the in-person interview, participants were given measuring
cups, spoons, a ruler, and a food model booklet, which contained two-
dimensional drawings of the various measuring guides available in the MEC, to
use for reporting food amounts during the telephone interview. Telephone
dietary interviews were collected 3 to 10 days following the MEC dietary
interview, but not on the same day of the week as the MEC interview. Any
participant who did not have a telephone was given a toll-free number to call
so that the recall could be conducted.

What We Eat in America data were collected using USDA's dietary data
collection instrument, the Automated Multiple Pass Method (AMPM)
(<http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg>). The AMPM was designed to provide an
efficient and accurate means of collecting intakes for large-scale national
surveys. The AMPM is a fully computerized recall method that uses a 5-step
interview outlined below:

  1. **Quick List** \- Participant recalls all foods and beverages consumed the day before the interview (midnight to midnight). 
  2. **Forgotten Foods** \- Participant is asked about consumption of foods commonly forgotten during the Quick List step. 
  3. **Time and Occasion** \- Time and eating occasion are collected for each food. 
  4. **Detail Cycle** \- For each food, a detailed description, amount eaten, and additions to the food are collected. Eating occasions and times between eating occasions are reviewed to elicit forgotten foods. 
  5. **Final Probe** \- Additional foods not remembered earlier are collected. 

The AMPM includes an extensive compilation of standardized food-specific
questions and possible response options. Routing of questions is based on
previous responses. The AMPM is updated for each 2-year collection of WWEIA to
reflect the changing food supply and to address research needs from the data
user community. Additional information about the AMPM is provided in Raper et
al. (Raper et al., 2004).

The AMPM was validated in a large study and shown to be an effective method
for collecting accurate group energy intake of adults. Completed in 2004, this
extensive research project included 524 healthy, weight-stable volunteers,
aged 30-69 years. The accuracy of the AMPM was evaluated by comparing reported
energy intake (EI) to total energy expenditure (TEE) using the doubly labeled
water technique (Moshfegh et al., 2008). Among the findings were that EI
compared to TEE was under-reported by 11% overall, by less than 3% for normal
weight subjects with body mass index (BMI) < 25 and 16% for overweight
subjects with BMI ≥ 25\.

Additional studies provide evidence that the AMPM accurately measures group
energy intake. Blanton (Blanton et al., 2006) reported that EI was not
significantly different from TEE for a sample of 20 adult females. Rumpler and
colleagues found that mean EIs were accurately reported for a sample of 12
adult males (Rumpler et al., 2008).

Additional evidence for the accuracy of AMPM has been provided by analysis of
the 24-hour urinary sodium data collected in the AMPM Validation Study, which
suggest the AMPM is a valid measure for estimating mean sodium intake in
adults. Dietary sodium intake calculated from 24-hour recall data of 465
subjects collected via AMPM was compared with sodium values from 24-hour urine
collections measured during the same 24-hour period. The AMPM-derived mean
dietary sodium estimates reflected over 90% of the biomarker-based estimates
(Rhodes et al., 2013).

For additional information about the dietary interview component and related
survey protocols, please go to the Survey Operations Manuals site at:
<https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/manuals.aspx?BeginYear=2013>.

## Quality Assurance & Quality Control

All dietary interviewers were required to complete an intensive one-week
training course and to conduct supervised practice interviews before working
independently in the field. Retraining sessions were conducted annually to
reinforce the proper protocols and technique.

Interviewers were monitored throughout the data collection period. Monitoring
consisted of the following:

  * Reviews of audio recorded interviews or in-person observations were conducted for approximately 5% of each interviewer's work. 
  * Interviews were checked for completeness of the recalls, missing information, inconsistent reports, and unclear notes. Written notification and feedback were provided to the interviewers. 

## Data Processing and Editing

Interview data files were sent electronically from the field and were imported
into Survey Net, a computer-assisted food coding and data management system
developed by USDA (Raper et al., 2004).

USDA's Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies (FNDDS) 2013-2014 was
used for processing the 2013-2014 intakes
(<http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg>). The FNDDS includes comprehensive
information that can be used to code individual foods/beverages and portion
sizes reported by participants and also includes nutrient values for
calculating nutrient intakes. FNDDS nutrient values are updated for every
2-year WWEIA, NHANES release cycle. The basis for the nutrient values in FNDDS
are detailed in the documentation for FNDDS 2013-2014 available at
<http://www.ars.usda.gov/nea/bhnrc/fsrg>.

Coders were required to pass a certification test after the initial training.
They were routinely monitored to ensure the quality and completeness of their
work. Approximately 10 percent of the coder's work was randomly selected to be
independently coded by another coder. Results from the two codings were
compared and adjudicated, if necessary.

After intake data were coded, various types of reviews and quality assurance
procedures were conducted by FSRG scientists to ensure the quality of the
data. Examples of reviews include the following:

  * Interviewers' and coders' questions and comments were reviewed to ensure that they have been addressed. 
  * Decisions made by coders about how to code new or unusual foods/beverages or quantities reported by participants were reviewed by FSRG scientists. Items of question were resolved by FSRG scientists.
  * Specific data integrity checks for reasonableness, consistency, and logic were conducted. 

## Analytic Notes

Each Individual Foods file (Day 1 and Day 2) is comprised of food records. For
most participants, there are multiple records in each file. For each Total
Nutrient Intakes file (Day 1 and Day 2) there is one record for each
participant. These files can be linked with other NHANES files by the
respondent sequence number (SEQN).

**Variable names:** For data collected on both Day 1 and Day 2, variable names
are differentiated by having the number "1" or "2" in the third position of
the variable name to identify the collection day. For example, the USDA food
code variable (in the Individual Foods File), which identifies the food
reported by the participant, is named DR1IFDCD in the Day 1 file and DR2IFDCD
in the Day 2 file.**** Appendices******2** and **5** list the Day 1 and Day 2
variable names for the Individual Foods file and the Total Nutrient Intakes
file, respectively.

Names for the following variables are the same for both days in the Individual
Foods file and the Total Nutrient Intakes file:

Variables with the Same Name for Both Days in the Dietary Interview Files Day 1 and Day 2 variable name | Label  
---|---  
SEQN | Respondent sequence number  
WTDRD1 | Dietary day one sample weight  
WTDR2D | Dietary two-day sample weight  
DRABF | Breast-fed infant (either day)  
DRDINT | Number of days of intake  
  
**Number of days of intake:** A variable has been included to indicate the
number of days of intake collected from each participant. The variable name is
DRDINT. In 2013-2014, 8,661 participants provided complete dietary intakes for
Day 1. Of those providing the Day 1 data, 7,574 provided complete dietary
intakes for Day 2.

**Dietary recall status code:** A status code (DR1DRSTZ or DR2DRSTZ) is used
in both the Individual Foods and Total Nutrient Intakes files to indicate the
quality and completeness of a survey participant's response to the dietary
recall section. The codes are the following:

1 = Reliable and met the following minimum criteria:

  * The first 4 steps of the 5-step AMPM completed.
  * Food/beverages consumed for each reported eating occasion identified.

For individuals with a code 1, all relevant variables associated with the
24-hour dietary recall contain a value.

2 = Not reliable or did not meet the minimum criteria

Individuals with a code 2 have incomplete records. No data on total nutrient
intakes and the total number of foods reported are provided for these cases.
These individuals have no records in the Individual Foods files.

3     [Code 3 is not included in the current datasets. It was only used for
data from the 1999-2000 survey cycle.]

4 = Reported consuming breast milk

For infants and children who consumed human milk, there is a record in the
Individual Foods files for each report of human milk. However, because amounts
of human milk intake are not quantified, these records contain missing values
for the amount consumed and for the amounts of energy and nutrients from human
milk. Also, records of human milk have a missing value for the food source
variable (DR1FS, DR2FS) and the eaten at home variable (DR1_040Z, DR2_040Z) in
the Individual Foods files. Records for any other foods and beverages consumed
by breast-fed infants and children are included in the Individual Foods files
along with their amounts and nutrient information. Because of the missing
amount or quantity information for human milk, no total nutrient intakes
(contained in the Total Nutrient Intakes files) were computed for participants
with a code 4.

A variable that identifies breast-fed children, DRABF, is included. This
variable has a code of 1 if a child consumed human milk in either intake day.

5 = Not done

This code is assigned when the dietary recall section of the interview did not
take place due to various reasons (such as arrived late/left early, refusal,
illness, emergency, or equipment failure). These individuals have no records
in the Individual Foods files. These individuals have a record in the Total
Nutrients file with values only for the following variables: the respondent
sequence number (SEQN), the dietary recall status code (DR1DRSTZ or DR2DRSTZ)
and for participants one year or older, the fish and shellfish questions in
the DR1TOT_H file (DRD340, DRD350A-K, DRD350AQ-JQ, DRD360, DRD370A-V, and
DRD370AQ-UQ).

Only codes 1 and 4 appear in the Individual Foods file.

**Distinguishing Between Foods/Beverages and Dietary Supplements in NHANES**

The 24-hour dietary supplement use component is administered after the 24-hour
dietary recall. All NHANES participants responding to the 24-hour dietary
recall interview are eligible for the dietary supplement and non-prescription
antacid use questions. Information is obtained on all vitamins, minerals,
herbals, and other dietary supplements as well as non-prescription antacids
that were consumed during a 24-hour time period (midnight to midnight),
including the name and the amount of supplement or antacid taken.

Distinguishing between foods/beverages and supplements can be challenging.
NCHS and FSRG review questionable items reported in the dietary supplement and
dietary recall components to resolve disposition of these items into the
appropriate component. Products that are labeled as a dietary supplement, that
have a supplement facts panel on the label, and are in tablets, capsules,
softgels, gelcaps, or other pill forms, are considered dietary supplements.
Items that are powders or liquids can be hard to distinguish. General
guidelines used state that if powders and liquid concentrates have product
directions stating that they be added to a liquid, they are classified as
beverages. Examples are teas and protein powders. An exception is made for
fiber products, which are classified as dietary supplements. Along this same
guideline, energy drinks are considered beverages, but "energy shot" type
products are considered dietary supplements.

It is best to refer to the two databases that detail every food/beverage and
dietary supplement reported in NHANES to identify exact determination used.
The databases are:

  * [2013-2014 Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies](http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg)
  * [NHANES Dietary Supplement Database](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Dietary&CycleBeginYear=2013)

**Participants who reported consuming only water, no food or other
beverages:** Records are included in the Individual Foods file for
participants who consumed only water. There are 6 such individuals in the
2013-2014 datasets, none in the Day 1 data and 6 in the Day 2 data. Their
dietary recall status variable for the day is coded as "1" (complete and
reliable) in the Total Nutrients file and the total number of items is coded
based on how many times water was reported. Individuals with just water intake
and no food intake will have zero energy intake for the day.

**Participants who reported consuming no water, food or other beverages:**
There can be survey participants whose intakes are determined to be complete
even though they reported no water, food, or other beverage records for the
day. For such participants there are no records in the Individual Foods file
but their dietary recall status is coded as complete and reliable and the
Total Nutrients file will include records with zero values for all nutrients.
In the 2013-2014 datasets, there is 1 individual in the day 2 data that
reported no water, food, or other beverage records for the day.

**Number of days between the intake day and the day of family interview:**
Each of the four intake files includes a variable (DR1DBIH for Day 1 files and
DR2DBIH for Day 2 files) to indicate the number of days between the intake day
(i.e., the period covered by the 24-hour recall) and the day that the family
questionnaire was administered in the household. A positive value in DR1BHIH
or DR2BHIH indicates the family interview occurred prior to the intake day. In
the survey, most of the family interviews were done before the participant
came to the MEC and participated in the dietary interview. A value of "0" in
DR1BHIH or DR2BHIH indicates the family interview occurred on the same date as
the intake day. A negative value (i.e., DR1BHIH<0 or DR2BHIH<0) means that the
family interview occurred after the intake day.

**Food source:** The source from which each food/beverage was obtained (e.g.,
from a store, fast food restaurant, cafeteria) is identified by the variables
DR1FS (day 1) and DR2FS (day 2) in the Individual Foods files.

In 2013-2014, the descriptions for codes 8 and 9 "Child care center" and
"Family/Adult day care center" have been revised to "Child/Adult care center"
and "Child/Adult home care,", respectively.

The code descriptions for this variable are:

**Code Descriptions for Source of Food Variable** Code | Description  
---|---  
1 | Store grocery/supermarket  
2 | Restaurant with waiter/waitress  
3 | Restaurant fast food/Pizza  
4 | Bar/Tavern/Lounge  
5 | Restaurant, no additional information  
6 | Cafeteria NOT in a K-12 school  
7 | Cafeteria in a K-12 school  
8 | Child/Adult care center  
9 | Child/Adult home care  
10 | Soup kitchen/shelter/food pantry facility  
11 | Meals on Wheels Program  
12 | Community food program - other  
13 | Community program, no additional info  
14 | Vending machine  
15 | Common coffee pot or snack tray  
16 | From someone else/gift  
17 | Mail order purchase  
18 | Residential dining facility  
19 | Grown or caught by you or someone you know  
20 | Fish caught by you or someone you know  
24 | Sport, recreation, or entertainment  
25 | Street vendor, vending truck  
26 | Fundraiser sales  
27 | Store - convenience type  
28 | Store - no additional information  
91 | Other, specify  
  
**Eating occasion:** The variables DR1_030Z and DR2_030Z are located in the
Individual Foods file. The code descriptions for the eating occasion variables
are shown in the table below.

**Code Descriptions for Eating Occasion Variable** Code | Description  
---|---  
1 | Breakfast  
2 | Lunch  
3 | Dinner  
4 | Supper  
5 | Brunch  
6 | Snack  
7 | Beverage/Drink  
8 | Feeding-infant only  
9 | Extended consumption  
10 | Desayuno  
11 | Almuerzo  
12 | Comida  
13 | Merienda  
14 | Cena  
15 | Entre comida  
16 | Botana  
17 | Bocadillo  
18 | Tentempie  
19 | Bebida  
91 | Other  
  
Eating occasion was designated by the respondent. During the interview, a list
of eating occasion names was available to the respondent for selection.
However, eating occasion names were not defined for the respondent.

**Foods and beverages coded as part of a combination:** Forty-three percent of
foods and beverages reported in WWEIA, NHANES 2013-2014 were identified as
items consumed together as combinations. Items consumed as a combination were
identified by one of fifteen unique "combination food types." Foods and
beverages not coded in combination have the code "0" for the combination food
type variable.

The combination types provide a linkage for:

  * Foods or beverages with additions, such as cereal with milk, coffee with cream; 
  * Multi-component foods that have specific protocol for collection such as some salads and sandwiches (primarily those that are not from fast food establishments); and 
  * Other combinations that do not have a unique code in the FNDDS. 

**Combination Type, Code, Examples, and Percent of Food and Beverages Reported by Type, 2013-2014, Day 1** Combination Type | Code | Examples of Combination Type | % Items  
---|---|---|---  
Not in combination | 0 | NA | 57  
Beverage w/ additions | 1 | Coffee, tea with: milk, cream, sugar. Infant formula with: baby cereal. | 8  
Cereal w/ additions | 2 | Cereals (ready-to-eat, cooked, baby) with: milk, sugar, fruit, butter. | 4  
Bread/baked product w/additions | 3 | Breads, rolls, pancakes with: butter, jam, syrup, fruit. Cakes, pies with: ice cream, toppings. Crackers with: cheese, dip, peanut butter. | 4  
Salad | 4 | Components of salads that do not have a single code in FNDDS. It may also designate additional items to single code salads. | 4  
Sandwiches | 5 | Components of sandwiches that do not have a single code in FNDDS. It may also designate additional items added to single code sandwiches. | 10  
Soup | 6 | Soup with: crackers, croutons, cheese. | 1  
Frozen meals | 7 | Components of a prepackaged frozen meal and additions to the meal. | <1  
Ice cream/ frozen yogurt w/ additions | 8 | Ice cream with: syrup, nuts, toppings. | <1  
Dried beans or Vegetable w/ additions | 9 | French fries, potatoes with: catsup, gravy, butter, toppings. Beans with: sauce, butter. | 3  
Fruit w/ additions | 10 | Fruit with: toppings, milk, honey. Components of fruit mixtures or salads that do not have a single code in FNDDS. | 1  
Tortilla products | 11 | Components of tacos and tortilla products that do not have a single code in FNDDS. It may also designate additional items to single code tacos or tortilla products. | 1  
Meat, Poultry, Fish | 12 | Meat, poultry, fish with: gravy, sauce, and condiments. | 2  
Lunchables® | 13 | Components of pre-packaged lunch kits. | <1  
Chips w/ additions | 14 | Potato chips, corn chips with: dip, cheese, salsa. | 1  
Other mixtures | 90 | Rice, pasta, spaghetti, eggs, other mixtures with: butter, gravy, sauce, condiments. | 4  
  
All items given a combination food type are given an additional variable to
identify each of the items within the combination. This variable is the
"combination food number" that is unique to the combination food type within
the individual intake.

**Variable Labels and Names for Combination Coding** Combination Coding | Variable Name, Day 1 | Variable Name, Day 2  
---|---|---  
Combination food type | DR1CCMTX | DR2CCMTX  
Combination food number | DR1CCMNM | DR2CCMNM  
  
**The What We Eat in America Food Categories** , available on the FSRG website
([www.ars.usda.gov/nea/bhnrc/fsrg](http://www.ars.usda.gov/nea/bhnrc/fsrg)),
is a grouping scheme that combines foods and beverages together that have
similar usage and nutrient content with the emphasis on how they are commonly
consumed in the American diet. There are approximately 150 unique categories
and each is assigned a 4-digit number and description. The WWEIA Food
Categories contain discrete food items and are not disaggregated (e.g., pizza
vs. grain, cheese, tomatoes, etc.). Designed to be flexible, the categories
can be combined as needed to address specific research questions. A new
version of the WWEIA Food Categories is produced for each 2-year release cycle
of WWEIA, NHANES.

**Special diet:** Information on whether the participant is currently on any
kind of diet to lose weight or for other health-related reason and, if so, the
type of diet, was provided. The variable DRQSDIET identifies whether a
participant was on a special diet. The variables DRQSDT1 through DRQSDT12 and
DRQSDT91 identify the type of diet or diets that the participant was
following. These variables can be found in the Total Nutrient Intakes file.

**Sample weights for dietary intake data:** The NHANES participants were
selected on the basis of a national probability design. In order to increase
the number of participants for specific demographic groups, a multi-stage,
unequal probability of selection design was implemented. Beginning with the
2011-2012 data collection the NHANES sample design includes an oversample of
Asian Americans.

Sample weights are constructed that encompass the unequal probabilities of
selection, as well as adjustments for non-participation by selected sample
persons. In order to produce national, representative estimates, **the
appropriate sample weights must be used**.

For NHANES 2013-2014, there were 14,332 persons selected; of these 9,813 were
considered participants to the MEC examination and data collection. A total of
8,661 MEC participants provided complete dietary intakes for Day 1, and of
those providing the Day 1 data, 7,574 provided complete dietary intakes for
Day 2.

Most analyses of NHANES data use data collected in the MEC and the variable
WTMEC2YR should be used for the sample weights. However, for the WWEIA dietary
data, different sample weights are recommended for analysis. Although attempts
are made to schedule MEC exams uniformly throughout the week, proportionally
more exams occur on weekend days than on weekdays. Because food intake can
vary by weekdays and weekends, use of the MEC weights disproportionately
represents intakes on weekends.

A set of weights (WTDRD1) is provided that should be used when an analysis
uses the Day 1 dietary recall data (either alone or when Day 1 nutrient data
are used in conjunction with MEC data). The set of weights (WTDRD1) is
applicable to the 8,661 participants with Day 1 data. Day 1 weights were
constructed by taking the MEC sample weights (WTMEC2YR) and further adjusting
for (a) the additional non-response and (b) the differential allocation by
weekdays (Monday through Thursday), Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays for the
dietary intake data collection. These Day 1 weights are more variable than the
MEC weights, and the sample size is smaller, so estimated standard errors
using Day 1 data and Day 1 weights are larger than standard errors for similar
estimates based on MEC weights.

When analysis is based on both days of dietary intake, only 7,574 sample
participants have complete data. The NHANES protocol requires an attempt to
collect the second day of dietary data at least 3 days after the first day,
but the actual number of days between the two interviews is variable. A set of
adjusted weights, WTDR2D, is to be used when an analysis uses the smaller
sample with completed Day 1 and Day 2 dietary data. This two-day weight was
constructed for the 7,574 participants by taking the Day 1 weights (WTDRD1)
and further adjusting for (a) the additional non-response for the second
recall and (b) for the proportion of weekend (Friday through Sunday) and
weekday (Monday through Thursday) combinations of Day 1 and Day 2 recalls.

Note that all sample weights are person-level weights and each set of dietary
weights should sum to the same overall population control total as the MEC
weights (WTMEC2YR). In addition, the MEC weights (WTMEC2YR) are appropriate
for use in the analysis of the fish and shellfish consumption data (i.e.,
variables DRD340, DRD350A-K, DRD350AQ-JQ DRD360, DRD370A-V, and DRD370AQ-UQ)
located in the Day 1 Total Nutrient Intake File (DR1TOT_H), if no other
dietary data are included in the analysis. Additional explanation of sample
weights and appropriate uses are included in the **[NHANES Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx)**.
Please also refer to the on-line **[NHANES
Tutorial](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/)** for further details on other
analytic issues.

## References

  * Agricultural Research Service, Beltsville Human Nutrition Research Center, Food Surveys Research Group, Beltsville, MD. USDA Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies 2013-2014. <http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg>
  * Agricultural Research Service, Beltsville Human Nutrition Research Center, Food Surveys Research Group, Beltsville, MD. USDA Automated Multiple-Pass Method for Dietary Recalls. <http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg>
  * Blanton CA, Moshfegh AJ, Baer DJ, Kretsch MJ. The USDA Automated Multiple-Pass Method accurately estimates group total energy and nutrient intake. J Nutr 2006 Oct; 136(10):2594-9. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/10039 >
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,  National Center for Health Statistics. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey NHANES 2013-2014 Overview. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 2014. <http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/nhanes2013-2014/overview_h.htm>
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Measuring Guides for the Dietary Recall Interview. Hyattsville, MD: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. <http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/measuring_guides_dri/measuringguides.htm>
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Phone Follow-Up Dietary Interviewer Procedure Manual. Hyattsville, MD: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 2014. <http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/nhanes_13_14/Phone_Follow-up_Dietary_Interviewers_manual.pdf>
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey MEC In-Person Dietary Interviewers Procedure Manual. Hyattsville, MD: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 2014. <http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/nhanes_13_14/2013_MEC_In-Person_Dietary_Interview Manual.pdf>
  * Moshfegh AJ, Rhodes DG, Baer DJ, Murayi T, Clemens JC, Rumpler WV, Paul DR, Sebastian RS, Kuczynski KC, Ingwersen LA, Staples RC, Cleveland LC. The USDA Automated Multiple-Pass Method reduces bias in the collection of energy intakes. Am J Clin Nutr 2008; 88:324-332. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/21951>
  * Raper, N., Perloff, B., Ingwersen, L., Steinfeldt, L., Anand, J. An overview of USDA's dietary intake data system. J. Food Compos. Anal. 2004; 17(3-4):545-55. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/20984>
  * Rhodes, DG, Murayi T, Clemens JC, Baer DJ, Sebastian RS, Moshfegh AJ. The USDA Automated Multiple-Pass Method accurately assesses population sodium intakes. Am J Clin Nutr 2013; 97:958-64. <http://dx.doi.org/10.3945/ajcn.112.044982>
  * Rumpler WV, Kramer M, Rhodes DG, Moshfegh AJ, Paul DR, Kramer M. Identifying sources of reporting error using measured food intake. Eur J Clin Nutr 2008; 62:544-52. <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/16546>

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### WTDRD1 - Dietary day one sample weight

Variable Name:

    WTDRD1
SAS Label:

    Dietary day one sample weight
English Text:

    Dietary day one sample weight
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2493.021655 to 267526.89097 | Range of Values | 8661 | 8661 |   
0 | Day 1 dietary recall not done/incomplete | 1152 | 9813 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9813 |   
  
### WTDR2D - Dietary two-day sample weight

Variable Name:

    WTDR2D
SAS Label:

    Dietary two-day sample weight
English Text:

    Dietary two-day sample weight
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1953.802108 to 818626.65723 | Range of Values | 7574 | 7574 |   
0 | Day 2 dietary recall not done/incomplete | 1087 | 8661 |   
. | Missing | 1152 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1DRSTZ - Dietary recall status

Variable Name:

    DR1DRSTZ
SAS Label:

    Dietary recall status
English Text:

    Dietary recall status
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Reliable and met the minimum criteria | 8531 | 8531 |   
2 | Not reliable or not met the minimum criteria | 122 | 8653 |   
4 | Reported consuming breast-milk | 130 | 8783 |   
5 | Not done | 1030 | 9813 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1EXMER - Interviewer ID code

Variable Name:

    DR1EXMER
SAS Label:

    Interviewer ID code
English Text:

    Interviewer ID code
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 to 91 | Range of Values | 8783 | 8783 |   
. | Missing | 1030 | 9813 |   
  
### DRABF - Breast-fed infant (either day)

Variable Name:

    DRABF
SAS Label:

    Breast-fed infant (either day)
English Text:

    Indicates whether the sample person was an infant who was breast-fed on either of the two recall days. 
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 134 | 134 |   
2 | No | 8527 | 8661 |   
. | Missing | 1152 | 9813 |   
  
### DRDINT - Number of days of intake

Variable Name:

    DRDINT
SAS Label:

    Number of days of intake
English Text:

    Indicates whether the sample person has intake data for one or two days.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Day 1 only | 1087 | 1087 |   
2 | Day 1 and day 2 | 7574 | 8661 |   
. | Missing | 1152 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1DBIH - # of days b/w intake and HH interview

Variable Name:

    DR1DBIH
SAS Label:

    # of days b/w intake and HH interview
English Text:

    Number of days between intake day and the day of family questionnaire administered in the household.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-31 to 74 | Range of Values | 8706 | 8706 |   
. | Missing | 1107 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1DAY - Intake day of the week

Variable Name:

    DR1DAY
SAS Label:

    Intake day of the week
English Text:

    Intake day of the week
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Sunday | 1460 | 1460 |   
2 | Monday | 698 | 2158 |   
3 | Tuesday | 887 | 3045 |   
4 | Wednesday | 821 | 3866 |   
5 | Thursday | 728 | 4594 |   
6 | Friday | 2228 | 6822 |   
7 | Saturday | 1961 | 8783 |   
. | Missing | 1030 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1LANG - Language respondent used mostly

Variable Name:

    DR1LANG
SAS Label:

    Language respondent used mostly
English Text:

    The respondent spoke mostly:
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | English | 7862 | 7862 |   
2 | Spanish | 716 | 8578 |   
3 | English and Spanish | 98 | 8676 |   
4 | Other | 38 | 8714 |   
5 | Asian Languages | 66 | 8780 |   
6 | Asian Languages and English | 17 | 8797 |   
. | Missing | 1016 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1MNRSP - Main respondent for this interview

Variable Name:

    DR1MNRSP
SAS Label:

    Main respondent for this interview
English Text:

    Who was the main respondent for this interview?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | SP | 6702 | 6702 |   
2 | Mother of SP | 1596 | 8298 |   
3 | Father of SP | 234 | 8532 |   
4 | Wife of SP | 8 | 8540 |   
5 | Husband of SP | 1 | 8541 |   
6 | Daughter of SP | 11 | 8552 |   
7 | Son of SP | 4 | 8556 |   
8 | Grandparent of SP | 53 | 8609 |   
9 | Friend, Partner, Non Relative | 1 | 8610 |   
10 | Translator, not a HH member | 2 | 8612 |   
11 | Child care provider, Caretaker | 10 | 8622 |   
12 | Other Relative | 30 | 8652 |   
14 | Other specify | 0 | 8652 |   
77 | Refused | 0 | 8652 |   
99 | Don't know | 1 | 8653 |   
. | Missing | 1160 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1HELPD - Helped in responding for this interview

Variable Name:

    DR1HELPD
SAS Label:

    Helped in responding for this interview
English Text:

    Who helped in responding for this interview
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | SP | 704 | 704 |   
2 | Mother of SP | 338 | 1042 |   
3 | Father of SP | 115 | 1157 |   
4 | Wife of SP | 1 | 1158 |   
5 | Husband of SP | 2 | 1160 |   
6 | Daughter of SP | 8 | 1168 |   
7 | Son of SP | 5 | 1173 |   
8 | Grandparent of SP | 17 | 1190 |   
9 | Friend, Partner, Non Relative | 3 | 1193 |   
10 | Translator, not a HH member | 53 | 1246 |   
11 | Child care provider, Caretaker | 6 | 1252 |   
12 | Other Relative | 28 | 1280 |   
13 | No one | 7347 | 8627 |   
14 | Other specify | 0 | 8627 |   
77 | Refused | 0 | 8627 |   
99 | Don't know | 1 | 8628 |   
. | Missing | 1185 | 9813 |   
  
### DBQ095Z - Type of table salt used

Variable Name:

    DBQ095Z
SAS Label:

    Type of table salt used
English Text:

    What type of salt {do you/does SP} usually add to {your/his/her/SP's} food at the table? Would you say . . .
English Instructions:

    CAPI INSTRUCTION: IF SP AGE <= 5, DISPLAY "DO YOU" FOR FIRST DISPLAY AND {SP'S} FOR SECOND DISPLAY.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Ordinary salt [includes regular iodized salt, sea salt and seasoning salts made with regular salt] | 4976 | 4976 |   
2 | Lite salt | 321 | 5297 |   
3 | Salt substitute | 102 | 5399 |   
4 | Doesn't use or add salt products at the table | 3258 | 8657 | DRQSPREP  
91 | Other | 0 | 8657 |   
99 | Don't know | 126 | 8783 | DRQSPREP  
. | Missing | 1030 | 9813 |   
  
### DBD100 - How often add salt to food at table

Variable Name:

    DBD100
SAS Label:

    How often add salt to food at table
English Text:

    How often {do you/does SP} add ordinary salt to {your/his/her/SP's} food at the table? Would you say . . .
English Instructions:

    CAPI INSTRUCTION: IF SP AGE <= 5, DISPLAY "DO YOU" FOR FIRST DISPLAY AND {SP'S} FOR SECOND DISPLAY.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Rarely | 2871 | 2871 |   
2 | Occasionally | 1579 | 4450 |   
3 | Very often | 941 | 5391 |   
7 | Refused | 0 | 5391 |   
9 | Don't know | 8 | 5399 |   
. | Missing | 4414 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSPREP - Salt used in preparation?

Variable Name:

    DRQSPREP
SAS Label:

    Salt used in preparation?
English Text:

    How often is ordinary salt or seasoned salt added in cooking or preparing foods in your household? Is it never, rarely, occasionally, or very often?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Never | 557 | 557 |   
2 | Rarely | 1602 | 2159 |   
3 | Occasionally | 3078 | 5237 |   
4 | Very Often | 3398 | 8635 |   
9 | Don't know | 148 | 8783 |   
. | Missing | 1030 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1STY - Salt used at table yesterday?

Variable Name:

    DR1STY
SAS Label:

    Salt used at table yesterday?
English Text:

    Did {you/SP} add any salt to {your/her/his} food at the table yesterday? Salt includes ordinary or seasoned salt, lite salt, or a salt substitute.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 1448 | 1448 |   
2 | No | 7273 | 8721 | DRQSDIET  
9 | Don't know | 62 | 8783 | DRQSDIET  
. | Missing | 1030 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1SKY - Type of salt used yesterday

Variable Name:

    DR1SKY
SAS Label:

    Type of salt used yesterday
English Text:

    What type of salt was it? (Was it ordinary or seasoned salt, lite salt, or a salt substitute?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Ordinary, sea, seasoned, or other flavored salt | 1320 | 1320 |   
2 | Lite salt | 83 | 1403 |   
3 | Salt substitute | 29 | 1432 |   
91 | Other | 0 | 1432 |   
99 | Don't know | 16 | 1448 |   
. | Missing | 8365 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDIET - On special diet?

Variable Name:

    DRQSDIET
SAS Label:

    On special diet?
English Text:

    Are you currently on any kind of diet, either to lose weight or for some other health-related reason?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 1033 | 1033 |   
2 | No | 7704 | 8737 | DR1TNUMF  
9 | Don't know | 46 | 8783 | DR1TNUMF  
. | Missing | 1030 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT1 - Weight loss/Low calorie diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT1
SAS Label:

    Weight loss/Low calorie diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Weight loss or low calorie diets | 523 | 523 |   
. | Missing | 9290 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT2 - Low fat/Low cholesterol diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT2
SAS Label:

    Low fat/Low cholesterol diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 | Low fat or low cholesterol diet | 131 | 131 |   
. | Missing | 9682 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT3 - Low salt/Low sodium diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT3
SAS Label:

    Low salt/Low sodium diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3 | Low salt or low sodium diet (including diet to lower blood pressure or hypertension) | 121 | 121 |   
. | Missing | 9692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT4 - Sugar free/Low sugar diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT4
SAS Label:

    Sugar free/Low sugar diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
4 | Sugar free or low sugar diet | 37 | 37 |   
. | Missing | 9776 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT5 - Low fiber diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT5
SAS Label:

    Low fiber diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5 | Low fiber or low residue diet | 0 | 0 |   
. | Missing | 9813 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT6 - High fiber diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT6
SAS Label:

    High fiber diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6 | High fiber or high residue diet | 4 | 4 |   
. | Missing | 9809 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT7 - Diabetic diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT7
SAS Label:

    Diabetic diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7 | Diabetic diet (including gestational diabetic diets) | 146 | 146 |   
. | Missing | 9667 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT8 - Weight gain/Muscle building diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT8
SAS Label:

    Weight gain/Muscle building diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
8 | Weight gain/Muscle building diet | 34 | 34 |   
. | Missing | 9779 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT9 - Low carbohydrate diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT9
SAS Label:

    Low carbohydrate diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
9 | Low carbohydrate diet | 67 | 67 |   
. | Missing | 9746 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT10 - High protein diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT10
SAS Label:

    High protein diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
10 | High protein diet | 22 | 22 |   
. | Missing | 9791 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT11 - Gluten-free/Celiac diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT11
SAS Label:

    Gluten-free/Celiac diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
11 | Gluten-free/Celiac diet | 31 | 31 |   
. | Missing | 9782 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT12 - Renal/Kidney diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT12
SAS Label:

    Renal/Kidney diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
12 | Renal/Kidney diet | 8 | 8 |   
. | Missing | 9805 | 9813 |   
  
### DRQSDT91 - Other special diet

Variable Name:

    DRQSDT91
SAS Label:

    Other special diet
English Text:

    What kind of diet are you on? (Is it a weight loss or low calorie diet: low fat or cholesterol diet; low salt or sodium diet; sugar free or low sugar diet; low fiber diet; high fiber diet; diabetic diet; or another type of diet?)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
91 | Other special diet | 75 | 75 |   
. | Missing | 9738 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TNUMF - Number of foods/beverages reported

Variable Name:

    DR1TNUMF
SAS Label:

    Number of foods/beverages reported
English Text:

    Total number of foods/beverages reported in the individual foods file
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 49 | Range of Values | 8661 | 8661 |   
. | Missing | 1152 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TKCAL - Energy (kcal)

Variable Name:

    DR1TKCAL
SAS Label:

    Energy (kcal)
English Text:

    Energy (kcal)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
117 to 12108 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TPROT - Protein (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TPROT
SAS Label:

    Protein (gm)
English Text:

    Protein (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 869.49 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TCARB - Carbohydrate (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCARB
SAS Label:

    Carbohydrate (gm)
English Text:

    Carbohydrate (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
8.67 to 1423.87 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TSUGR - Total sugars (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TSUGR
SAS Label:

    Total sugars (gm)
English Text:

    Total sugars (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.13 to 1115.5 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TFIBE - Dietary fiber (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TFIBE
SAS Label:

    Dietary fiber (gm)
English Text:

    Dietary fiber (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 136.3 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TTFAT - Total fat (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TTFAT
SAS Label:

    Total fat (gm)
English Text:

    Total fat (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 548.38 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TSFAT - Total saturated fatty acids (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TSFAT
SAS Label:

    Total saturated fatty acids (gm)
English Text:

    Total saturated fatty acids (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 177.467 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TMFAT - Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TMFAT
SAS Label:

    Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)
English Text:

    Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 221.673 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TPFAT - Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TPFAT
SAS Label:

    Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)
English Text:

    Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 182.462 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TCHOL - Cholesterol (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCHOL
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mg)
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 3515 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TATOC - Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TATOC
SAS Label:

    Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)
English Text:

    Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 172.32 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TATOA - Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TATOA
SAS Label:

    Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)
English Text:

    Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 99.87 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TRET - Retinol (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TRET
SAS Label:

    Retinol (mcg)
English Text:

    Retinol (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10565 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TVARA - Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVARA
SAS Label:

    Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin A as retinol activity equivalents (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10597 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TACAR - Alpha-carotene (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TACAR
SAS Label:

    Alpha-carotene (mcg)
English Text:

    Alpha-carotene (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 35057 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TBCAR - Beta-carotene (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TBCAR
SAS Label:

    Beta-carotene (mcg)
English Text:

    Beta-carotene (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 78752 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TCRYP - Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCRYP
SAS Label:

    Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)
English Text:

    Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 24328 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TLYCO - Lycopene (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TLYCO
SAS Label:

    Lycopene (mcg)
English Text:

    Lycopene (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 103913 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TLZ - Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TLZ
SAS Label:

    Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)
English Text:

    Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 102638 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TVB1 - Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVB1
SAS Label:

    Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)
English Text:

    Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.007 to 10.652 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TVB2 - Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVB2
SAS Label:

    Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)
English Text:

    Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 29.455 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TNIAC - Niacin (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TNIAC
SAS Label:

    Niacin (mg)
English Text:

    Niacin (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.215 to 379.852 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TVB6 - Vitamin B6 (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVB6
SAS Label:

    Vitamin B6 (mg)
English Text:

    Vitamin B6 (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.016 to 48.321 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TFOLA - Total folate (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TFOLA
SAS Label:

    Total folate (mcg)
English Text:

    Total folate (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 3172 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TFA - Folic acid (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TFA
SAS Label:

    Folic acid (mcg)
English Text:

    Folic acid (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2828 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TFF - Food folate (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TFF
SAS Label:

    Food folate (mcg)
English Text:

    Food folate (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2357 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TFDFE - Folate, DFE (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TFDFE
SAS Label:

    Folate, DFE (mcg)
English Text:

    Folate as dietary folate equivalents (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5151 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TCHL - Total choline (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCHL
SAS Label:

    Total choline (mg) 
English Text:

    Total choline (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2909.1 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TVB12 - Vitamin B12 (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVB12
SAS Label:

    Vitamin B12 (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin B12 (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 110.39 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TB12A - Added vitamin B12 (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TB12A
SAS Label:

    Added vitamin B12 (mcg)
English Text:

    Added vitamin B12 (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 89.23 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TVC - Vitamin C (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVC
SAS Label:

    Vitamin C (mg)
English Text:

    Vitamin C (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2008 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TVD - Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVD
SAS Label:

    Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 86.3 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TVK - Vitamin K (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TVK
SAS Label:

    Vitamin K (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin K (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 4080.5 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TCALC - Calcium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCALC
SAS Label:

    Calcium (mg)
English Text:

    Calcium (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6 to 7337 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TPHOS - Phosphorus (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TPHOS
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mg)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11529 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TMAGN - Magnesium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TMAGN
SAS Label:

    Magnesium (mg)
English Text:

    Magnesium (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2725 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TIRON - Iron (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TIRON
SAS Label:

    Iron (mg)
English Text:

    Iron (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.13 to 130.76 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TZINC - Zinc (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TZINC
SAS Label:

    Zinc (mg)
English Text:

    Zinc (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.16 to 116.05 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TCOPP - Copper (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCOPP
SAS Label:

    Copper (mg)
English Text:

    Copper (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.022 to 20.318 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TSODI - Sodium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TSODI
SAS Label:

    Sodium (mg)
English Text:

    Sodium (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
17 to 21399 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TPOTA - Potassium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TPOTA
SAS Label:

    Potassium (mg)
English Text:

    Potassium (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
68 to 15876 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TSELE - Selenium (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TSELE
SAS Label:

    Selenium (mcg)
English Text:

    Selenium (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 986.5 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TCAFF - Caffeine (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TCAFF
SAS Label:

    Caffeine (mg)
English Text:

    Caffeine (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2448 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TTHEO - Theobromine (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR1TTHEO
SAS Label:

    Theobromine (mg)
English Text:

    Theobromine (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2038 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TALCO - Alcohol (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TALCO
SAS Label:

    Alcohol (gm)
English Text:

    Alcohol (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 591.4 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TMOIS - Moisture (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TMOIS
SAS Label:

    Moisture (gm)
English Text:

    Moisture (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
135.95 to 17350.04 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TS040 - SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS040
SAS Label:

    SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5.377 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TS060 - SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS060
SAS Label:

    SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 3.014 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TS080 - SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS080
SAS Label:

    SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14.886 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TS100 - SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS100
SAS Label:

    SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10.475 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TS120 - SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS120
SAS Label:

    SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 26.403 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TS140 - SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS140
SAS Label:

    SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 18.757 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TS160 - SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS160
SAS Label:

    SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 91.727 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TS180 - SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TS180
SAS Label:

    SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 42.57 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TM161 - MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TM161
SAS Label:

    MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13.915 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TM181 - MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TM181
SAS Label:

    MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 204.75 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TM201 - MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TM201
SAS Label:

    MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5.764 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TM221 - MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TM221
SAS Label:

    MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 3.618 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TP182 - PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP182
SAS Label:

    PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 170.285 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TP183 - PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP183
SAS Label:

    PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 16.593 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TP184 - PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP184
SAS Label:

    PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 0.635 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TP204 - PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP204
SAS Label:

    PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2.461 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TP205 - PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP205
SAS Label:

    PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2.687 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TP225 - PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP225
SAS Label:

    PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1.073 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TP226 - PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1TP226
SAS Label:

    PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 4.337 | Range of Values | 8531 | 8531 |   
. | Missing | 1282 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1_300 - Compare food consumed yesterday to usual

Variable Name:

    DR1_300
SAS Label:

    Compare food consumed yesterday to usual
English Text:

    Was the amount of food that {you/NAME} ate yesterday much more than usual, usual, or much less than usual?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Much more than usual | 830 | 830 |   
2 | Usual | 6210 | 7040 |   
3 | Much less than usual | 1673 | 8713 |   
7 | Refused | 0 | 8713 |   
9 | Don't know | 70 | 8783 |   
. | Missing | 1030 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1_320Z - Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1_320Z
SAS Label:

    Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)
English Text:

    Total plain water drank yesterday - including plain tap water, water from a drinking fountain, water from a water cooler, bottled water, and spring water.
English Instructions:

    Calculated from water consumption records reported as part of the 24-hour dietary recall interview.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13440 | Range of Values | 8661 | 8661 |   
. | Missing | 1152 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1_330Z - Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1_330Z
SAS Label:

    Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)
English Text:

    Total tap water drank yesterday - including filtered tap water and water from a drinking fountain.
English Instructions:

    Calculated from tap water consumption records reported as part of the 24-hour dietary recall interview.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13440 | Range of Values | 8661 | 8661 |   
. | Missing | 1152 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1BWATZ - Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR1BWATZ
SAS Label:

    Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)
English Text:

    Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)
English Instructions:

    Calculated from bottle water consumption records reported as part of the 24-hour dietary recall interview.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11310 | Range of Values | 8661 | 8661 |   
. | Missing | 1152 | 9813 |   
  
### DR1TWS - Tap water source

Variable Name:

    DR1TWS
SAS Label:

    Tap water source
English Text:

    When you drink tap water, what is the main source of the tap water? Is the city water supply (community water supply); a well or rain cistern; a spring; or something else?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Community supply | 6033 | 6033 |   
2 | Well or rain cistern | 570 | 6603 |   
3 | Spring | 124 | 6727 |   
4 | Don't drink tap water | 1648 | 8375 |   
91 | Other | 0 | 8375 |   
99 | Don't know | 408 | 8783 |   
. | Missing | 1030 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD340 - Shellfish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD340
SAS Label:

    Shellfish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Please look at this list of shellfish. During the past 30 days did you eat any types of shellfish listed on this card? Include any foods that had shellfish in them such as sandwiches, soups, or salads.
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 3761 | 3761 |   
2 | No | 4585 | 8346 | DRD360  
7 | Refused | 19 | 8365 | DRD360  
9 | Don't know | 47 | 8412 | DRD360  
. | Missing | 1401 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350A - Clams eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350A
SAS Label:

    Clams eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Clams eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 428 | 428 |   
2 | No | 3333 | 3761 | DRD350B  
. | Missing | 6052 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350AQ - # of times clams eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350AQ
SAS Label:

    # of times clams eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times clams were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 12 | Range of Values | 428 | 428 |   
. | Missing | 9385 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350B - Crabs eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350B
SAS Label:

    Crabs eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Crabs eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 785 | 785 |   
2 | No | 2976 | 3761 | DRD350C  
. | Missing | 6052 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350BQ - # of times crabs eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350BQ
SAS Label:

    # of times crabs eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times crab was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 12 | Range of Values | 785 | 785 |   
. | Missing | 9028 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350C - Crayfish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350C
SAS Label:

    Crayfish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Crayfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 199 | 199 |   
2 | No | 3562 | 3761 | DRD350D  
. | Missing | 6052 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350CQ - # of times crayfish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350CQ
SAS Label:

    # of times crayfish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times crayfish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 16 | Range of Values | 199 | 199 |   
. | Missing | 9614 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350D - Lobsters eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350D
SAS Label:

    Lobsters eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Lobsters eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 412 | 412 |   
2 | No | 3349 | 3761 | DRD350E  
. | Missing | 6052 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350DQ - # of times lobsters eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350DQ
SAS Label:

    # of times lobsters eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times lobster was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 10 | Range of Values | 412 | 412 |   
. | Missing | 9401 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350E - Mussels eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350E
SAS Label:

    Mussels eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Mussels eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 255 | 255 |   
2 | No | 3506 | 3761 | DRD350F  
. | Missing | 6052 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350EQ - # of times mussels eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350EQ
SAS Label:

    # of times mussels eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times mussels were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 6 | Range of Values | 255 | 255 |   
. | Missing | 9558 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350F - Oysters eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350F
SAS Label:

    Oysters eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Oysters eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 288 | 288 |   
2 | No | 3473 | 3761 | DRD350G  
. | Missing | 6052 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350FQ - # of times oysters eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350FQ
SAS Label:

    # of times oysters eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times oysters were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 20 | Range of Values | 288 | 288 |   
. | Missing | 9525 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350G - Scallops eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350G
SAS Label:

    Scallops eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Scallops eaten during the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 353 | 353 |   
2 | No | 3408 | 3761 | DRD350H  
. | Missing | 6052 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350GQ - # of times scallops eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350GQ
SAS Label:

    # of times scallops eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times scallops were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 12 | Range of Values | 353 | 353 |   
. | Missing | 9460 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350H - Shrimp eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350H
SAS Label:

    Shrimp eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Shrimp eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 3254 | 3254 |   
2 | No | 507 | 3761 | DRD350I  
. | Missing | 6052 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350HQ - # of times shrimp eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350HQ
SAS Label:

    # of times shrimp eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times shrimp was eaten in the last 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 30 | Range of Values | 3254 | 3254 |   
. | Missing | 6559 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350I - Other shellfish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350I
SAS Label:

    Other shellfish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Other shellfish ( ex. octopus, squid) eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 220 | 220 |   
2 | No | 3541 | 3761 | DRD350J  
. | Missing | 6052 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350IQ - # of times other shellfish eaten

Variable Name:

    DRD350IQ
SAS Label:

    # of times other shellfish eaten
English Text:

    Number of times other shellfish (ex. octopus, squid) was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 10 | Range of Values | 220 | 220 |   
. | Missing | 9593 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350J - Other unknown shellfish eaten past 30 d

Variable Name:

    DRD350J
SAS Label:

    Other unknown shellfish eaten past 30 d
English Text:

    Other unknown shellfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 16 | 16 |   
2 | No | 3745 | 3761 | DRD350K  
. | Missing | 6052 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350JQ - # of times other unknown shellfish eaten

Variable Name:

    DRD350JQ
SAS Label:

    # of times other unknown shellfish eaten
English Text:

    Number of times other unknown shellfish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 4 | Range of Values | 16 | 16 |   
. | Missing | 9797 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD350K - Refused on shellfish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD350K
SAS Label:

    Refused on shellfish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Refused to give detailed information on shellfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 0 | 0 |   
2 | No | 3760 | 3760 |   
. | Missing | 6053 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD360 - Fish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD360
SAS Label:

    Fish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Please look at this list of fish. During the past 30 days did you eat any types of fish listed on this card? Include any foods that had fish in them such as sandwiches, soups, or salads.
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 5121 | 5121 |   
2 | No | 3216 | 8337 | End of Section  
7 | Refused | 16 | 8353 | End of Section  
9 | Don't know | 58 | 8411 | End of Section  
. | Missing | 1402 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370A - Breaded fish products eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370A
SAS Label:

    Breaded fish products eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Breaded fish products eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 646 | 646 |   
2 | No | 4475 | 5121 | DRD370B  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370AQ - # of times breaded fish products eaten

Variable Name:

    DRD370AQ
SAS Label:

    # of times breaded fish products eaten
English Text:

    Number of times breaded fish products were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 15 | Range of Values | 646 | 646 |   
. | Missing | 9167 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370B - Tuna eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370B
SAS Label:

    Tuna eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Tuna eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 1890 | 1890 |   
2 | No | 3231 | 5121 | DRD370C  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370BQ - # of times tuna eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370BQ
SAS Label:

    # of times tuna eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times tuna was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 25 | Range of Values | 1890 | 1890 |   
. | Missing | 7923 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370C - Bass eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370C
SAS Label:

    Bass eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Bass eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 118 | 118 |   
2 | No | 5003 | 5121 | DRD370D  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370CQ - # of times bass eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370CQ
SAS Label:

    # of times bass eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times bass was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 14 | Range of Values | 118 | 118 |   
. | Missing | 9695 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370D - Catfish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370D
SAS Label:

    Catfish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Catfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 827 | 827 |   
2 | No | 4294 | 5121 | DRD370E  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370DQ - # of times catfish eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370DQ
SAS Label:

    # of times catfish eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times catfish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 15 | Range of Values | 827 | 827 |   
. | Missing | 8986 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370E - Cod eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370E
SAS Label:

    Cod eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Cod eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 559 | 559 |   
2 | No | 4562 | 5121 | DRD370F  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370EQ - # of times cod eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370EQ
SAS Label:

    # of times cod eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times cod was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 15 | Range of Values | 559 | 559 |   
. | Missing | 9254 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370F - Flatfish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370F
SAS Label:

    Flatfish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Flatfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 257 | 257 |   
2 | No | 4864 | 5121 | DRD370G  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370FQ - # of times flatfish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370FQ
SAS Label:

    # of times flatfish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times flatfish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 21 | Range of Values | 257 | 257 |   
. | Missing | 9556 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370G - Haddock eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370G
SAS Label:

    Haddock eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Haddock eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 192 | 192 |   
2 | No | 4929 | 5121 | DRD370H  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370GQ - # of times haddock eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370GQ
SAS Label:

    # of times haddock eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times haddock was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 12 | Range of Values | 192 | 192 |   
. | Missing | 9621 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370H - Mackerel eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370H
SAS Label:

    Mackerel eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Mackerel eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 96 | 96 |   
2 | No | 5025 | 5121 | DRD370I  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370HQ - # of times mackerel eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370HQ
SAS Label:

    # of times mackerel eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times mackerel was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 14 | Range of Values | 96 | 96 |   
. | Missing | 9717 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370I - Perch eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370I
SAS Label:

    Perch eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Perch eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 108 | 108 |   
2 | No | 5013 | 5121 | DRD370J  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370IQ - # of times perch eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370IQ
SAS Label:

    # of times perch eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times perch was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 5 | Range of Values | 108 | 108 |   
. | Missing | 9705 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370J - Pike eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370J
SAS Label:

    Pike eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Pike eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 12 | 12 |   
2 | No | 5109 | 5121 | DRD370K  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370JQ - # of times pike eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370JQ
SAS Label:

    # of times pike eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times pike was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 3 | Range of Values | 12 | 12 |   
. | Missing | 9801 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370K - Pollock eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370K
SAS Label:

    Pollock eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Pollock eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 147 | 147 |   
2 | No | 4974 | 5121 | DRD370L  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370KQ - # of times pollock eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370KQ
SAS Label:

    # of times pollock eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times pollock was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 16 | Range of Values | 147 | 147 |   
. | Missing | 9666 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370L - Porgy eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370L
SAS Label:

    Porgy eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Porgy eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 35 | 35 |   
2 | No | 5086 | 5121 | DRD370M  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370LQ - # of times porgy eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370LQ
SAS Label:

    # of times porgy eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times porgy was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 7 | Range of Values | 35 | 35 |   
. | Missing | 9778 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370M - Salmon eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370M
SAS Label:

    Salmon eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Salmon eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 1774 | 1774 |   
2 | No | 3347 | 5121 | DRD370N  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370MQ - # of times salmon eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370MQ
SAS Label:

    # of times salmon eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times salmon was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 28 | Range of Values | 1774 | 1774 |   
. | Missing | 8039 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370N - Sardines eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370N
SAS Label:

    Sardines eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Sardines eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 215 | 215 |   
2 | No | 4906 | 5121 | DRD370O  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370NQ - # of times sardines eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370NQ
SAS Label:

    # of times sardines eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times sardines were eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 25 | Range of Values | 215 | 215 |   
. | Missing | 9598 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370O - Sea bass eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370O
SAS Label:

    Sea bass eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Sea bass eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 87 | 87 |   
2 | No | 5034 | 5121 | DRD370P  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370OQ - # of times sea bass eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370OQ
SAS Label:

    # of times sea bass eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times sea bass was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 8 | Range of Values | 87 | 87 |   
. | Missing | 9726 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370P - Shark eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370P
SAS Label:

    Shark eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Shark eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 10 | 10 |   
2 | No | 5111 | 5121 | DRD370Q  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370PQ - # of times shark eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370PQ
SAS Label:

    # of times shark eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times shark was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 3 | Range of Values | 10 | 10 |   
. | Missing | 9803 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370Q - Swordfish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370Q
SAS Label:

    Swordfish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Swordfish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 61 | 61 |   
2 | No | 5060 | 5121 | DRD370R  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370QQ - # of times swordfish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370QQ
SAS Label:

    # of times swordfish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times swordfish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 10 | Range of Values | 61 | 61 |   
. | Missing | 9752 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370R - Trout eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370R
SAS Label:

    Trout eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Trout eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 171 | 171 |   
2 | No | 4950 | 5121 | DRD370S  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370RQ - # of times trout eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370RQ
SAS Label:

    # of times trout eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times trout was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 8 | Range of Values | 171 | 171 |   
. | Missing | 9642 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370S - Walleye eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370S
SAS Label:

    Walleye eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Walleye eaten during the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 27 | 27 |   
2 | No | 5094 | 5121 | DRD370T  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370SQ - # of times walleye eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370SQ
SAS Label:

    # of times walleye eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times walleye was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 10 | Range of Values | 27 | 27 |   
. | Missing | 9786 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370T - Other fish eaten during past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370T
SAS Label:

    Other fish eaten during past 30 days
English Text:

    Other type of fish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 1318 | 1318 |   
2 | No | 3803 | 5121 | DRD370U  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370TQ - # of times other fish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370TQ
SAS Label:

    # of times other fish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Number of times other type of fish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 30 | Range of Values | 1318 | 1318 |   
. | Missing | 8495 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370U - Other unknown fish eaten in past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370U
SAS Label:

    Other unknown fish eaten in past 30 days
English Text:

    Other unknown type eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 317 | 317 |   
2 | No | 4804 | 5121 | DRD370V  
. | Missing | 4692 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370UQ - # of times other unknown fish eaten

Variable Name:

    DRD370UQ
SAS Label:

    # of times other unknown fish eaten
English Text:

    Number of times other unknown type of fish was eaten in the past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 30 | Range of Values | 317 | 317 |   
. | Missing | 9496 | 9813 |   
  
### DRD370V - Refused on fish eaten past 30 days

Variable Name:

    DRD370V
SAS Label:

    Refused on fish eaten past 30 days
English Text:

    Refused to give detailed information on fish eaten during past 30 days
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 0 | 0 |   
2 | No | 5120 | 5120 |   
. | Missing | 4693 | 9813 |   
  
## Appendix 1. Changes between WWEIA survey cycles 2005-2006 thru 2013-2014

Variable or feature | WWEIA 2005-2006 | WWEIA 2007-2008 | WWEIA 2009-2010 | WWEIA 2011-2012 | WWEIA 2013-2014  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Number of days of intake data per respondent | 2 days | 2 days | 2 days | 2 days | 2 days  
Nutrients included | Food energy and 63 nutrients/food components. Total choline added. | Food energy and 64 nutrients/food components. Vitamin D added. | Same as 2007-2008 | Same as 2007-2008 | Same as 2007-2008  
Food source (where food was obtained) | Collected and released. Codes for 24 food sources; added "fundraiser sales". | Same as 2005-2006 | Same as 2005-2006 | "Store" (value=1) has been split into three values - 1, 27 and 28. Codes 6 and 7 for cafeterias have revised descriptions. | Codes 8 and 9 revised descriptions.  
Combination food types | Same as 2003-2004 | Same as 2003-2004 | Same as 2003-2004 | Same as 2003-2004 | Same as 2003-2004  
Eating occasion names | Same as 2003-2004 | Same as 2003-2004 | Same as 2003-2004 | Same as 2003-2004 | Same as 2003-2004  
Special diet variables | Same as 2003-2004 | Collected and released; 2 new codes: Low carbohydrate diet and High protein diet. | Same as 2007-2008 | Collected and released 2 new codes: Gluten-free/Celiac diet and Renal/Kidney. | Same as 2011-2012  
Plain drinking water collected in same manner as other foods and beverages |  All waters, including tap water and bottled water, were collected during the 24-hour recall and reported in the Individual Foods file, complete with food codes, gram weights and nutrient values. Summary water variables compatible with previous data cycles are included in the Total Nutrient Intake files with the exception of plain carbonated water. | Same as 2005-2006 | Same as 2005-2006 | Same as 2005-2006 | Same as 2005-2006  
Number of intakes that include only water consumption for the day | 3 intakes (1 intake in Day 1 and 2 intakes in Day 2 data), records are included in Individual Foods file. | 5 intakes (all in Day 2 data), records are included in Individual Foods file. | 4 intakes (all in Day 2 data), records are included in Individual Foods file. | 7 intakes (1 in Day 1, 6 in Day 2), records are included in Individual Foods file. | 6 intakes (all in Day 2 data), records are included in Individual Foods file.  
Number of intakes that include no water or food consumption for the day | No such intake reported. | 2 intakes (1 intake in Day 1 and 1 intake in Day 2) with no food or water records for the day. Records are not included in the Individual Foods File for these intakes. | 1 intake in Day 2 with no food or water records for the day. Record is not included in the Individual Foods File for this intake. | No such intake reported. | 1 intake in Day 2 with no food or water records for the day. Record is not included in the Individual Foods File for this intake.  
Eligible sample for questions on fish/ shellfish consumption in the past 30 days | All participants one year or older. | Same as 2005-2006 | Same as 2005-2006 | Same as 2005-2006 | Same as 2005-2006  
Number of days between the intake day and the day of family interview | Not calculated | Calculated and released; 2 new continuous variables calculated for both Day 1 and Day 2 | Same as 2007-2008 | Same as 2007-2008 | Same as 2007-2008  
Data processing step on salt adjustment | Applied | Applied | No longer applied--for details, go to www.ars.usda.gov/nea/bhnrc/fsrg | Same as 2009-2010 | Same as 2009-2010  
Modification codes: DR1MC  
Day 2 Modification codes: DR2MC  
Modification Code Description file: DRXMCD  
| During coding process, predefined recipes for some foods modified to more closely match the food as described by survey participant. These foods assigned a modification code. | Same as 2005-2006 | Same as 2005-2006 | Some modification codes deleted; new food codes addressing modifications added in FNDDS 2011-2012. | All remaining modification codes deleted; new food codes addressing modifications added in FNDDS 2013-2014.  
Salt used yesterday: DR1STY, day 1; DR2STY, day 2.  
  
Type of salt used yesterday: DR1SKY, day 1; DR2SKY, day 2. | Not asked. | Not asked. | Not asked. | Not asked. | Question asked about salt use at the table yesterday and kind of salt to coincide with 24-hour recall.  
  
## Appendix 2. Variables in the Individual Foods Files (DR1IFF_H and DR2IFF_H)
by Position

Day1 Name | Day2 Name | Variable Label  
---|---|---  
SEQN | SEQN | Respondent sequence number  
WTDRD1 | WTDRD1 | Dietary day one sample weight  
WTDR2D | WTDR2D | Dietary two-day sample weight  
DR1ILINE | DR2ILINE | Food/Individual component number  
DR1DRSTZ | DR2DRSTZ | Dietary recall status  
DR1EXMER | DR2EXMER | Interviewer ID code  
DRABF | DRABF | Breast-fed infant (either day)  
DRDINT | DRDINT | Number of days of intake  
DR1DBIH | DR2DBIH | # of days b/w intake and HH interview  
DR1DAY | DR2DAY | Intake day of the week  
DR1LANG | DR2LANG | Language respondent used mostly  
DR1CCMNM | DR2CCMNM | Combination food number  
DR1CCMTX | DR2CCMTX | Combination food type  
DR1_020 | DR2_020 | Time of eating occasion (HH:MM)  
DR1_030Z | DR2_030Z | Name of eating occasion  
DR1FS | DR2FS | Source of food  
DR1_040Z | DR2_040Z | Did you eat this meal at home?  
DR1IFDCD | DR2IFDCD | USDA food code  
DR1IGRMS | DR2IGRMS | Grams  
DR1IKCAL | DR2IKCAL | Energy (kcal)  
DR1IPROT | DR2IPROT | Protein (gm)  
DR1ICARB | DR2ICARB | Carbohydrate (gm)  
DR1ISUGR | DR2ISUGR | Total sugars (gm)  
DR1IFIBE | DR2IFIBE | Dietary fiber (gm)  
DR1ITFAT | DR2ITFAT | Total fat (gm)  
DR1ISFAT | DR2ISFAT | Total saturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1IMFAT | DR2IMFAT | Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1IPFAT | DR2IPFAT | Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1ICHOL | DR2ICHOL | Cholesterol (mg)  
DR1IATOC | DR2IATOC | Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)  
DR1IATOA | DR2IATOA | Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)  
DR1IRET | DR2IRET | Retinol (mcg)  
DR1IVARA | DR2IVARA | Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)  
DR1IACAR | DR2IACAR | Alpha-carotene (mcg)  
DR1IBCAR | DR2IBCAR | Beta-carotene (mcg)  
DR1ICRYP | DR2ICRYP | Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)  
DR1ILYCO | DR2ILYCO | Lycopene (mcg)  
DR1ILZ | DR2ILZ | Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)  
DR1IVB1 | DR2IVB1 | Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)  
DR1IVB2 | DR2IVB2 | Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)  
DR1INIAC | DR2INIAC | Niacin (mg)  
DR1IVB6 | DR2IVB6 | Vitamin B6 (mg)  
DR1IFOLA | DR2IFOLA | Total folate (mcg)  
DR1IFA | DR2IFA | Folic acid (mcg)  
DR1IFF | DR2IFF | Food folate (mcg)  
DR1IFDFE | DR2IFDFE | Folate, DFE (mcg)  
DR1ICHL | DR2ICHL | Total choline (mg)  
DR1IVB12 | DR2IVB12 | Vitamin B12 (mcg)  
DR1IB12A | DR2IB12A | Added vitamin B12 (mcg)  
DR1IVC | DR2IVC | Vitamin C (mg)  
DR1IVD | DR2IVD | Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)  
DR1IVK | DR2IVK | Vitamin K (mcg)  
DR1ICALC | DR2ICALC | Calcium (mg)  
DR1IPHOS | DR2IPHOS | Phosphorus (mg)  
DR1IMAGN | DR2IMAGN | Magnesium (mg)  
DR1IIRON | DR2IIRON | Iron (mg)  
DR1IZINC | DR2IZINC | Zinc (mg)  
DR1ICOPP | DR2ICOPP | Copper (mg)  
DR1ISODI | DR2ISODI | Sodium (mg)  
DR1IPOTA | DR2IPOTA | Potassium (mg)  
DR1ISELE | DR2ISELE | Selenium (mcg)  
DR1ICAFF | DR2ICAFF | Caffeine (mg)  
DR1ITHEO | DR2ITHEO | Theobromine (mg)  
DR1IALCO | DR2IALCO | Alcohol (gm)  
DR1IMOIS | DR2IMOIS | Moisture (gm)  
DR1IS040 | DR2IS040 | SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS060 | DR2IS060 | SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS080 | DR2IS080 | SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS100 | DR2IS100 | SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS120 | DR2IS120 | SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS140 | DR2IS140 | SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS160 | DR2IS160 | SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)  
DR1IS180 | DR2IS180 | SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)  
DR1IM161 | DR2IM161 | MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)  
DR1IM181 | DR2IM181 | MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)  
DR1IM201 | DR2IM201 | MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)  
DR1IM221 | DR2IM221 | MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)  
DR1IP182 | DR2IP182 | PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)  
DR1IP183 | DR2IP183 | PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)  
DR1IP184 | DR2IP184 | PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)  
DR1IP204 | DR2IP204 | PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)  
DR1IP205 | DR2IP205 | PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)  
DR1IP225 | DR2IP225 | PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)  
DR1IP226 | DR2IP226 | PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)  
  
## Appendix 3. List of Nutrients/Food Components (Unit)

**Energy and Macronutrients**

Food energy (kcal)  
Protein (gm)  
Carbohydrate (gm)  
Fat, total (gm)  
Alcohol (gm)

Sugars, total (gm)  
Dietary fiber, total (gm)  
Water (moisture) (gm)*

Saturated fatty acids, total (gm)  
Monounsaturated fatty acids, total (gm)  
Polyunsaturated fatty acids, total (gm)  
Cholesterol (mg)

Individual fatty acids:  
    4:0 (gm)   
    6:0 (gm)   
    8:0 (gm)   
    10:0 (gm)   
    12:0 (gm)   
    14:0 (gm)   
    16:0 (gm)   
    18:0 (gm)   
    16:1 (gm)   
    18:1 (gm)   
    20:1 (gm)   
    22:1 (gm)   
    18:2 (gm)   
    18:3 (gm)   
    18:4 (gm)   
    20:4 (gm)   
    20:5 n-3 (gm)   
    22:5 n-3 (gm)   
    22:6 n-3 (gm)

**Vitamins, Minerals, and Other Components**

Vitamin A as retinol activity equivalents (mcg)  
Retinol (mcg)  
Carotenoids:  
    Carotene, alpha (mcg)   
    Carotene, beta (mcg)   
    Cryptoxanthin, beta (mcg)   
    Lycopene (mcg)   
    Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)   
Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)  
    Added vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)   
Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)  
Vitamin K as phylloquinone (mcg)  
Vitamin C (mg)  
Thiamin (mg)  
Riboflavin (mg)  
Niacin (mg)  
Vitamin B-6 (mg)  
Folate, total (mcg)  
    Folate as dietary folate equivalents (mcg)   
    Folic acid (mcg)   
    Food folate (mcg)   
Choline, total (mg)  
Vitamin B-12 (mcg)  
    Added vitamin B-12 (mcg)

Calcium (mg)  
Iron (mg)  
Magnesium (mg)  
Phosphorus (mg)  
Potassium (mg)  
Sodium (mg)  
Zinc (mg)  
Copper (mg)  
Selenium (mcg)  
Caffeine (mg)  
Theobromine (mg)  
__________________________________________________________________________

_  * Value reflects moisture present in all foods, beverages, and water
consumed as a beverage (variables DR1IMOIS, DR2IMOIS, DR1TMOIS, DR2TMOIS)_



## Appendix 4. Adding Food Code Descriptions to Your Files

One supporting file is included with the Individual Foods files: the Food Code
Description file (DRXFCD_H).

The DRXFCD_H file includes abbreviated descriptions (up to 60 characters) and
complete descriptions (up to 200 characters) associated with each USDA food
code included in the Individual Foods files.

The Food Code Description file (DRXFCD_H) contains three variables:

> **DRXFDCD** a numeric value corresponding to DR1IFDCD in the file DR1IFF_H
> or DR2IFDCD in the file DR2IFF_H;
>
> **DRXFCSD** a short description (up to 60 characters) of the food code;
>
> **DRXFDLD** a long description (up to 200 characters) of the food code.

The following SQL code is an example of appending the shorter food code
description (here renamed DR1IFCSD) to one of the Individual Foods files using
PROC SQL from SAS®. Other SQL implementations may be different.

**proc sql;  
   create table DR1IFF_H_PLUS as  
   select iff.*, desc.DRXFCSD as DR1IFCSD  
   from NHANES.DR1IFF_H iff  
   left join NHANES.DRXFCD_H desc  
   on iff.DR1IFDCD = desc.DRXFDCD  
   order by SEQN, DR1ILINE;  
quit;**

SAS® users may wish to use Proc Format to assign labels to the food codes. The
following example generates and saves a picture format for food codes and a
separate format for each food code that includes both the food code itself and
the short food code description. It is assumed that the user has stored the
Individual Foods files and the Food Code Description file in a library called
NHANES and wishes to store the formats there as well.

**options fmtsearch = (NHANES);**

**proc format library = library;  
   picture foodcode  
   low - high = '000-00000';  
quit;**

**data tmp;  
   set NHANES.DRXFCD_H;  
   length cfoodcode $9 label $72;  
   cfoodcode = put(DRXFDCD, foodcode.);  
   label = cfoodcode || '  ' || DRXFCSD;  
run;**

**data fmt (keep = fmtname start label);  
   set tmp;  
   retain fmtname 'DRXFDCD';  
   rename DRXFDCD = start;  
run;**

**proc format cntlin = fmt library = library;  
run;**  

****
__________________________________________________________________________

_  SAS® is a registered trademark of SAS Institute, Inc._



## Appendix 5. Variables in the Total Nutrients Files (DR1TOT_H and DR2TOT_H)
by Position

Day1 Name | Day2 Name | Variable Label  
---|---|---  
SEQN | SEQN | Respondent sequence number  
WTDRD1 | WTDRD1 | Dietary day one sample weight  
WTDR2D | WTDR2D | Dietary two-day sample weight  
DR1DRSTZ | DR2DRSTZ | Dietary recall status  
DR1EXMER | DR2EXMER | Interviewer ID code  
DRABF | DRABF | Breast-fed infant (either day)  
DRDINT | DRDINT | Number of days of intake  
DR1DBIH | DR2DBIH | # of days b/w intake and HH interview  
DR1DAY | DR2DAY | Intake day of the week  
DR1LANG | DR2LANG | Language respondent used mostly  
DR1MNRSP | DR2MNRSP | Main respondent for this interview  
DR1HELPD | DR2HELPD | Helped in responding for this interview  
DBQ095Z | N/A | Type of table salt used  
DBD100 | N/A | How often add salt to food at table  
DRQSPREP | N/A | Salt used in preparation?  
DR1STY | DR2STY | Salt used at table yesterday?  
DR1SKY | DR2SKY | Type of salt used yesterday  
DRQSDIET | N/A | On special diet?  
DRQSDT1 | N/A | Weight loss/Low calorie diet  
DRQSDT2 | N/A | Low fat/Low cholesterol diet  
DRQSDT3 | N/A | Low salt/Low sodium diet  
DRQSDT4 | N/A | Sugar free/Low sugar diet  
DRQSDT5 | N/A | Low fiber diet  
DRQSDT6 | N/A | High fiber diet  
DRQSDT7 | N/A | Diabetic diet  
DRQSDT8 | N/A | Weight gain/Muscle building diet  
DRQSDT9 | N/A | Low carbohydrate diet  
DRQSDT10 | N/A | High protein diet  
DRQSDT11 | N/A | Gluten-free/Celiac diet  
DRQSDT12 | N/A | Renal/Kidney diet  
DRQSDT91 | N/A | Other special diet  
DR1TNUMF | DR2TNUMF | Number of foods/beverages reported  
DR1TKCAL | DR2TKCAL | Energy (kcal)  
DR1TPROT | DR2TPROT | Protein (gm)  
DR1TCARB | DR2TCARB | Carbohydrate (gm)  
DR1TSUGR | DR2TSUGR | Total sugars (gm)  
DR1TFIBE | DR2TFIBE | Dietary fiber (gm)  
DR1TTFAT | DR2TTFAT | Total fat (gm)  
DR1TSFAT | DR2TSFAT | Total saturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1TMFAT | DR2TMFAT | Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1TPFAT | DR2TPFAT | Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1TCHOL | DR2TCHOL | Cholesterol (mg)  
DR1TATOC | DR2TATOC | Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)  
DR1TATOA | DR2TATOA | Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)  
DR1TRET | DR2TRET | Retinol (mcg)  
DR1TVARA | DR2TVARA | Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)  
DR1TACAR | DR2TACAR | Alpha-carotene (mcg)  
DR1TBCAR | DR2TBCAR | Beta-carotene (mcg)  
DR1TCRYP | DR2TCRYP | Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)  
DR1TLYCO | DR2TLYCO | Lycopene (mcg)  
DR1TLZ | DR2TLZ | Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)  
DR1TVB1 | DR2TVB1 | Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)  
DR1TVB2 | DR2TVB2 | Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)  
DR1TNIAC | DR2TNIAC | Niacin (mg)  
DR1TVB6 | DR2TVB6 | Vitamin B6 (mg)  
DR1TFOLA | DR2TFOLA | Total folate (mcg)  
DR1TFA | DR2TFA | Folic acid (mcg)  
DR1TFF | DR2TFF | Food folate (mcg)  
DR1TFDFE | DR2TFDFE | Folate, DFE (mcg)  
DR1TCHL | DR2TCHL | Total choline (mg)  
DR1TVB12 | DR2TVB12 | Vitamin B12 (mcg)  
DR1TB12A | DR2TB12A | Added vitamin B12 (mcg)  
DR1TVC | DR2TVC | Vitamin C (mg)  
DR1TVD | DR2TVD | Vitamin D (D2 + D3) (mcg)  
DR1TVK | DR2TVK | Vitamin K (mcg)  
DR1TCALC | DR2TCALC | Calcium (mg)  
DR1TPHOS | DR2TPHOS | Phosphorus (mg)  
DR1TMAGN | DR2TMAGN | Magnesium (mg)  
DR1TIRON | DR2TIRON | Iron (mg)  
DR1TZINC | DR2TZINC | Zinc (mg)  
DR1TCOPP | DR2TCOPP | Copper (mg)  
DR1TSODI | DR2TSODI | Sodium (mg)  
DR1TPOTA | DR2TPOTA | Potassium (mg)  
DR1TSELE | DR2TSELE | Selenium (mcg)  
DR1TCAFF | DR2TCAFF | Caffeine (mg)  
DR1TTHEO | DR2TTHEO | Theobromine (mg)  
DR1TALCO | DR2TALCO | Alcohol (gm)  
DR1TMOIS | DR2TMOIS | Moisture (gm)  
DR1TS040 | DR2TS040 | SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS060 | DR2TS060 | SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS080 | DR2TS080 | SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS100 | DR2TS100 | SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS120 | DR2TS120 | SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS140 | DR2TS140 | SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS160 | DR2TS160 | SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS180 | DR2TS180 | SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TM161 | DR2TM161 | MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)  
DR1TM181 | DR2TM181 | MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)  
DR1TM201 | DR2TM201 | MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)  
DR1TM221 | DR2TM221 | MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP182 | DR2TP182 | PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)  
DR1TP183 | DR2TP183 | PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)  
DR1TP184 | DR2TP184 | PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP204 | DR2TP204 | PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP205 | DR2TP205 | PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP225 | DR2TP225 | PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP226 | DR2TP226 | PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)  
DR1_300 | DR2_300 | Compare food consumed yesterday to usual  
DR1_320Z | DR2_320Z | Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)  
DR1_330Z | DR2_330Z | Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)  
DR1BWATZ | DR2BWATZ | Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)  
DR1TWS | DR2TWS | Tap water source  
DRD340 | N/A | Shellfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350A | N/A | Clams eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350AQ | N/A | # of times clams eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350B | N/A | Crabs eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350BQ | N/A | # of times crabs eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350C | N/A | Crayfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350CQ | N/A | # of times crayfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD350D | N/A | Lobsters eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350DQ | N/A | # of times lobsters eaten past 30 days  
DRD350E | N/A | Mussels eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350EQ | N/A | # of times mussels eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350F | N/A | Oysters eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350FQ | N/A | # of times oysters eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350G | N/A | Scallops eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350GQ | N/A | # of times scallops eaten past 30 days  
DRD350H | N/A | Shrimp eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350HQ | N/A | # of times shrimp eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350I | N/A | Other shellfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD350IQ | N/A | # of times other shellfish eaten  
DRD350J | N/A | Other unknown shellfish eaten past 30 d  
DRD350JQ | N/A | # of times other unknown shellfish eaten  
DRD350K | N/A | Refused on shellfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD360 | N/A | Fish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370A | N/A | Breaded fish products eaten past 30 days  
DRD370AQ | N/A | # of times breaded fish products eaten  
DRD370B | N/A | Tuna eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370BQ | N/A | # of times tuna eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370C | N/A | Bass eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370CQ | N/A | # of times bass eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370D | N/A | Catfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370DQ | N/A | # of times catfish eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370E | N/A | Cod eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370EQ | N/A | # of times cod eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370F | N/A | Flatfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370FQ | N/A | # of times flatfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD370G | N/A | Haddock eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370GQ | N/A | # of times haddock eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370H | N/A | Mackerel eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370HQ | N/A | # of times mackerel eaten past 30 days  
DRD370I | N/A | Perch eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370IQ | N/A | # of times perch eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370J | N/A | Pike eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370JQ | N/A | # of times pike eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370K | N/A | Pollock eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370KQ | N/A | # of times pollock eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370L | N/A | Porgy eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370LQ | N/A | # of times porgy eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370M | N/A | Salmon eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370MQ | N/A | # of times salmon eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370N | N/A | Sardines eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370NQ | N/A | # of times sardines eaten past 30 days  
DRD370O | N/A | Sea bass eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370OQ | N/A | # of times sea bass eaten past 30 days  
DRD370P | N/A | Shark eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370PQ | N/A | # of times shark eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370Q | N/A | Swordfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370QQ | N/A | # of times swordfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD370R | N/A | Trout eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370RQ | N/A | # of times trout eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370S | N/A | Walleye eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370SQ | N/A | # of times walleye eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370T | N/A | Other fish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370TQ | N/A | # of times other fish eaten past 30 days  
DRD370U | N/A | Other unknown fish eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370UQ | N/A | # of times other unknown fish eaten  
DRD370V | N/A | Refused on fish eaten past 30 days

