ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Protocol and Procedure
  * Quality Assurance & Quality Control
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * WTDRD1 - Dietary day one sample weight
    * WTDR2D - Dietary two-day sample weight
    * DR2DRSTZ - Dietary recall status
    * DR2EXMER - Interviewer ID code
    * DRABF - Breast-fed infant (either day)
    * DRDINT - Number of days of intake
    * DR2DAY - Intake day of the week
    * DR2LANG - Language SP/Proxy used mostly
    * DR2MNRSP - Main respondent for this interview
    * DR2HELPD - Helped in responding for this interview
    * DR2TNUMF - Number of foods
    * DR2TKCAL - Energy (kcal)
    * DR2TPROT - Protein (gm)
    * DR2TCARB - Carbohydrate (gm)
    * DR2TSUGR - Total sugars (gm)
    * DR2TFIBE - Dietary fiber (gm)
    * DR2TTFAT - Total fat (gm)
    * DR2TSFAT - Total saturated fatty acids (gm)
    * DR2TMFAT - Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)
    * DR2TPFAT - Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)
    * DR2TCHOL - Cholesterol (mg)
    * DR2TATOC - Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)
    * DR2TATOA - Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)
    * DR2TRET - Retinol (mcg)
    * DR2TVARA - Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)
    * DR2TACAR - Alpha-carotene (mcg)
    * DR2TBCAR - Beta-carotene (mcg)
    * DR2TCRYP - Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)
    * DR2TLYCO - Lycopene (mcg)
    * DR2TLZ - Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)
    * DR2TVB1 - Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)
    * DR2TVB2 - Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)
    * DR2TNIAC - Niacin (mg)
    * DR2TVB6 - Vitamin B6 (mg)
    * DR2TFOLA - Total Folate (mcg)
    * DR2TFA - Folic acid (mcg)
    * DR2TFF - Food folate (mcg)
    * DR2TFDFE - Folate, DFE (mcg)
    * DR2TVB12 - Vitamin B12 (mcg)
    * DR2TB12A - Added vitamin B12 (mcg)
    * DR2TVC - Vitamin C (mg)
    * DR2TVK - Vitamin K (mcg)
    * DR2TCALC - Calcium (mg)
    * DR2TPHOS - Phosphorus (mg)
    * DR2TMAGN - Magnesium (mg)
    * DR2TIRON - Iron (mg)
    * DR2TZINC - Zinc (mg)
    * DR2TCOPP - Copper (mg)
    * DR2TSODI - Sodium (mg)
    * DR2TPOTA - Potassium (mg)
    * DR2TSELE - Selenium (mcg)
    * DR2TCAFF - Caffeine (mg)
    * DR2TTHEO - Theobromine (mg)
    * DR2TALCO - Alcohol (gm)
    * DR2TMOIS - Moisture (gm)
    * DR2TS040 - SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)
    * DR2TS060 - SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)
    * DR2TS080 - SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)
    * DR2TS100 - SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)
    * DR2TS120 - SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)
    * DR2TS140 - SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)
    * DR2TS160 - SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)
    * DR2TS180 - SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)
    * DR2TM161 - MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)
    * DR2TM181 - MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)
    * DR2TM201 - MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)
    * DR2TM221 - MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)
    * DR2TP182 - PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)
    * DR2TP183 - PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)
    * DR2TP184 - PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)
    * DR2TP204 - PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)
    * DR2TP205 - PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)
    * DR2TP225 - PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)
    * DR2TP226 - PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)
    * DR2_300 - Compare food consumed yesterday to usual
    * DR2_320 - Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)
    * DR2_330 - Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)
    * DR2BWATR - Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)
    * DR2CWATR - Plain carbonated water (gm)
    * DR2TWS - Tap Water Source

  * Table 2. DR1TOT_C and DR2TOT_C Variables by Position
  * Table 3. List of Nutrients/Food Components (Unit)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2003-2004 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Dietary Interview - Total Nutrient Intakes, Second Day (DR2TOT_C)

####  Data File: DR2TOT_C.xpt

#####  First Published: September 2006

#####  Last Revised: November 2007

## Component Description

The objective of the dietary interview component is to obtain detailed dietary
intake information from NHANES participants. The dietary intake data are used
to estimate the types and amounts of foods and beverages consumed during the
24-hour period prior to the interview (midnight to midnight), and to estimate
intakes of energy, nutrients, and other food components from those foods and
beverages. Following the dietary recall, participants are asked questions on
water consumption during the previous 24 hours, salt use, whether the person's
intake on the previous day was usual or unusual, and whether the respondent is
on any kind of diet. Selected population subgroups are asked questions on
frequency of fish and shellfish consumed during the past 30 days.

  
The dietary interview component, called **What We Eat in America (WWEIA)** ,
is conducted as a partnership between the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS). Under this
partnership, DHHS' National Center for Health Statistics is responsible for
the sample design and data collection and USDA's Food Surveys Research Group
(FSRG) is responsible for the dietary data collection methodology, maintenance
of the databases used to code and process the data, and data review and
processing.

**What 's New with the 2003-2004 WWEIA Release:** A number of additions and
changes have occurred since the release of the WWEIA 2001-2002 data. The table
below summarizes these changes. One of the most important changes is the
release of two days of intake data for each participant. The first day (Day 1)
is collected in the Mobile Examination Center (MEC) and the second day (Day 2)
is collected by telephone 3 to 10 days later. Most MEC participants (87
percent) have 2 days of complete and reliable intakes. The release of 2 days
of data will permit the estimation of usual (long-run average) nutrient
intakes in order to assess diets in the U.S. The Institute of Medicine
recommends that assessment of the diets of population groups in relation to
Dietary Reference Intakes be based on usual intake distributions of nutrients
(Institute of Medicine, 2000). A minimum of two nonconsecutive days of dietary
intake data for at least a subsample of the individuals is necessary for a
more accurate estimation of the usual intake of nutrients.

Table 1. Changes between WWEIA 2001-2002 and WWEIA 2003-2004 Item | WWEIA 2001-2002 | WWEIA 2003-2004  
---|---|---  
Number of days of intake data released | 1 day | 2 days  
Nutrients included | Food energy and 60 nutrients/food components | Food energy and 62 nutrients/food components. Added vitamin E and added vitamin B12 included.  
Food source (Where food obtained) | Collected only in 2002; not publicly released. | Collected and released.  
Combination food types | Values for 14 combination types | Values for 15 combination types; added "chips with additions".  
Eating occasion names | 18 values | 20 values; 3 existing values modified and 2 new values.  
Special diet variables | Collected only in 2002; not publicly released. | Collected and released.  
  
**Dietary Interview Data Files:** Four data files were produced from the
information collected in the dietary interview: two Total Nutrient Intake
files and two Individual Foods files. Each file includes one day of intake
data. The number "1" or "2" in the file name identifies the day (and mode) of
the interview: 1 = first day (MEC), 2 = second day (phone). File names are the
following:

File Names for Dietary Interview Data  File | Day 1 | Day 2  
---|---|---  
Individual Foods File | DR1IFF_C | DR2IFF_C  
Total Nutrient Intakes File | DR1TOT_C | DR2TOT_C  
  
The nutrient amounts in these files reflect only nutrients obtained from foods
and beverages, including sweetened water beverages. They do not include
nutrients obtained from dietary supplements, medications, or plain drinking
water.

**Individual Foods Files (DR1IFF_C and DR2IFF_C):** Contain detailed
information about the types and amounts of individual foods reported by each
participant, as well as amounts of nutrients from each food.

Two supporting files are also included with the Individual Foods Files: the
Food Code Description file (DRXFCD_C) and the Modification Code Description
file (DRXMCD_C). The DRXFCD_C file includes abbreviated descriptions (up to 60
characters) and complete descriptions (up to 200 characters) associated with
each USDA food code identified in the Individual Foods Files. The DRXMCD_C
file includes descriptions (up to 200 characters) associated with each
modification code identified in the Individual Foods Files. Modification codes
represent adjustments to predefined recipe ingredients that reflect more
closely the food as described by the respondent. An appendix to the Individual
Foods Files documentation provides SAS code examples that may be used to link
the food code or the modification code description to the Individual Foods
File.

**Total Nutrient Intakes Files (DR1TOT_C and DR2TOT_C):** Contain, for each
participant, daily total energy and nutrient intakes from foods and beverages;
the daily amount of water consumed; whether the amount of food consumed was
usual, much more than usual, or much less than usual. The Day 1 file also
includes information on salt use in cooking and at the table; whether the
participant is currently on any kind of diet to lose weight or for another
health-related reason and, if so, the type of diet; and for subsets of
participants, information on frequency of fish and shellfish consumption. The
names for both Day 1 and Day 2 variables are listed in Table 2.

This document (NHANES 2003-2004 Data Documentation for Total Nutrient Intakes
Files) provides additional details important to understanding the content of
the Total Nutrient Intakes Files (DR1TOT_C and DR2TOT_C). The Total Nutrient
Intakes Files provide a summary record of total nutrient intakes for each
individual. Each total intake record contains the following information:

  * Number of days of complete intake 
  * Day of week of intake 
  * Daily aggregates of food energy and 62 nutrients/food components (listed in Table 3) from all foods, as calculated using USDA's Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies 2.0 (FNDDS 2.0) 
  * Total number of foods reported for that participant 
  * Whether the amount of food consumed was usual, much more than usual, or much less than usual 
  * Daily amount of water consumed (total plain water, total home tap water and source of tap water, total bottled water, and plain carbonated water) 
  * Type of salt used and how often added at the table and in food preparation (Day 1 file only) 
  * Whether the participant is currently on any kind of diet to lose weight or for another health-related reason and, if so, the type of diet (Day 1 file only) 
  * Frequency of fish and shellfish consumption in the past 30 days (children 1-5 years and women 16-49 years, Day 1 file only) 



## Eligible Sample

All NHANES participants are eligible for the dietary interview component.
However, only children 1-5 years and women 16-49 years of age are eligible for
the frequency of fish and shellfish consumption questions following the
24-hour recall and thus, their responses are collected.



## Protocol and Procedure

The examination protocol and data collection methods are fully documented in
the NHANES Dietary Interviewers Procedures Manuals (Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention, 2002, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
2004).

Proxy interviews were conducted for survey participants less than six years of
age. Assisted interviews were conducted with survey participants 6 to 11 years
of age. Dietary interviews were conducted in English and Spanish. Translators
were used to conduct interviews in other languages.

The in-person interview was conducted in a private room in the NHANES mobile
examination center (MEC). A set of measuring guides (various glasses, bowls,
mugs, household spoons, measuring cups and spoons, a ruler, thickness sticks,
bean bags, and circles) was available in the MEC dietary interview room for
the participant to use for reporting amounts of foods. Upon completion of the
in-person interview, participants were given measuring cups, spoons, a ruler,
and a food model booklet, which contained two-dimensional drawings of the
various measuring guides available in the MEC, to use for reporting food
amounts during the telephone interview. Telephone dietary interviews were
collected 3 to 10 days following the MEC dietary interview but not on the same
day of the week as the MEC interview. Any participant who did not have a
telephone was given a toll-free number to call so that the recall could be
conducted.

What We Eat in America data were collected using USDA's dietary data
collection instrument, the Automated Multiple Pass Method (AMPM) (Agricultural
Research Service, USDA Automated Multiple-Pass Method for Dietary Recalls).
The AMPM was designed to provide an efficient and accurate means of collecting
intakes for large-scale national surveys. The AMPM is a fully computerized
recall method that uses a 5-step interview outlined below:

  1. Quick List - Participant recalls all foods and beverages consumed the day before the interview (midnight to midnight). 
  2. Forgotten Foods - Participant is probed for foods forgotten during the Quick List step. 
  3. Time and Occasion - Time and eating occasion are collected for each food. 
  4. Detail Cycle - For each food, a detailed description, amount eaten, and additions to the food are collected. Eating occasions and times between eating occasions are reviewed to elicit forgotten foods. 
  5. Final Probe - Additional foods not remembered earlier are collected. 

The AMPM includes an extensive compilation of standardized food-specific
questions and possible response options. Routing of questions is based on
previous responses. The AMPM is updated yearly to reflect the changing food
supply and to address research needs from the data user community. Additional
information about the AMPM is provided in Raper et al. (Raper, 2004).

The accuracy of the AMPM is currently being assessed in the USDA AMPM
Validation Study using biomarker data. The data collection phase of the study,
which includes 525 participants, has been completed. The extent of
misreporting of energy and protein intakes will be determined by comparing
estimated energy intake with total energy expenditure, and estimated protein
intake with urinary nitrogen excretion. Total energy expenditure has been
measured by the doubly-labeled water method. Preliminary findings show that
the use of the AMPM resulted in a mean energy intake for the first cohort of
100 subjects that was within 2 percent of their total energy expenditure, as
estimated by the doubly-labeled water technique, and suggest acceptable
accuracy of reported intakes (Moshfegh, 2003, Rhodes, 2004).

For the procedures relevant to this component, please go to **Survey
Operations Manual, Consent Documents, Brochures** at:
<https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/default.aspx?BeginYear=2003>.



## Quality Assurance & Quality Control

All dietary interviewers were required to complete an intensive one-week
training course and to conduct supervised practice interviews before working
independently in the field. Retraining sessions were conducted periodically
and annually to reinforce the proper protocols and technique.

Interviewers were monitored throughout the data collection period. Monitoring
consisted of the following:

  * Reviews of data transmittal sheets were used to verify receipt of data files. 
  * Reviews of audiotaped interviews or in-person observations were conducted for approximately 5% of each interviewer's work. 
  * Interviews were checked for completeness of the recalls, missing information, inconsistent reports, and unclear notes. Written notification and feedback were provided to the interviewers. 



## Data Processing and Editing

Interview data files were sent electronically from the field and were imported
into Survey Net, a computer-assisted food coding and data management system
developed by USDA (Agricultural Research Service, USDA Automated Multiple-Pass
Method for Dietary Recalls).

USDA's Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies, 2.0 (FNDDS 2.0), was
used for processing the 2003-2004 intakes (Agricultural Research Service, USDA
Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies 2.0). The FNDDS includes
comprehensive information that can be used to code individual foods and
portion sizes reported by participants and also includes nutrient values for
calculating nutrient intakes. The underlying nutrient values for FNDDS 2.0
were based on values in the USDA National Nutrient Database for Standard
Reference, release 18, produced by USDA's Nutrient Data Lab (Agricultural
Research Service, USDA National Nutrient Database for Standard Reference,
Release 18). The FNDDS may be used in research projects using the NHANES
2003-2004 dietary intake data and also in other food intake studies.
Additional information about the FNDDS and related tools is available on the
Food Survey Research Group website (Agricultural Research Service, USDA Food
and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies 2.0).

Coders were required to pass a certification test after the initial training.
They were routinely monitored to ensure quality and completeness of their
work. Approximately 10 percent of the coder's work was double-coded and
adjudicated, if necessary.

After intake data were coded, various types of reviews were conducted to
ensure the quality of the data. An overview of quality assurance procedures
conducted during the data processing stage is available in Anand and Raper
(Anand, 2006). Examples of reviews include the following:

  * Overall acceptability of each recall. This review determined if the recall met minimum criteria listed below. A recall was considered unacceptable if it failed to meet either of these criteria: 
    1. The first 4 steps of the 5-step AMPM are completed. Failure to meet this criterion occurs infrequently and is usually due to the participant stopping the interview before completion of the fourth step. This step collects the details (description and amount consumed) for each reported food. 
    2. Foods consumed for each reported meal must be identified. 
  * Interviewers' and coders' questions and comments are reviewed to ensure that they have been accounted for in coding. 
  * Decisions are made about how to code new or unusual foods or food quantities reported by participants.   
Foods or portions that could not be matched to items in the database are
resolved by FSRG scientists. New food items and new portion sizes are added as
needed to the FNDDS. Information about new foods and package sizes are
collected using internet resources, direct contact with manufacturers, or food
labels. Unusual food mixtures are coded using multiple food codes to represent
the mixture, linking those foods with a combination food number, and
specifying the type of food mixture (such as a salad or soup).

  * Specific data integrity checks for reasonableness, consistency, and logic.   
Many quality control features are built into the AMPM software, including
automated routing based on the participant's previous answers and extensive
checks which prevent illogical responses. Nevertheless, over 50 unique checks
are conducted across all dietary data. Examples are meals reported at unusual
times (e.g., school lunch at 12:30 a.m.), foods not usually consumed by
certain age groups (e.g., baby foods consumed by respondents over 2 years of
age), and extremely large quantities of foods.

  * Intakes with extreme levels for individual nutrients. Nutrient intakes are reviewed separately for various age and sex groups. Unusual values are examined and corrected when necessary. 

During data processing, the following edits were made to ensure the logical
consistency and analytic usefulness of the data:

  * Adjusted sodium values for certain foods.   

Sodium values for home-prepared foods are based on the sodium values of recipe
ingredients in the FNDDS. In some cases, the amount of salt in recipes was
reduced or eliminated if the participant answered dietary interview questions
about salt use in cooking or preparing foods with the response "occasionally",
"rarely" or "never," respectively.

  * Nutrient values for some food mixtures modified.   

During the food coding process, predefined recipes for some food mixtures are
modified to match more closely the food as described by the respondent.
Nutrients are modified by substituting ingredients in a predefined recipe for
the mixture. An example of a modified recipe is an egg fried in butter instead
of margarine. Each modification is assigned a unique 6-digit identification
number. Recipe modification numbers appear in the variable DR1MC in the
DR1IFF_C file and in the variable DR2MC in the DR2IFF_C file. Descriptions for
each modification are provided in a separate file called DRXMCD.



## Analytic Notes

Each Total Nutrient Intakes File (Day 1 and Day 2) contains one record for
each participant. These files can be linked with other NHANES files by the
respondent sequence number (SEQN).

**Variable names:** For data collected on both Day 1 and Day 2, variable names
are differentiated by having the number "1" or "2" in the third position of
the variable name to identify the collection day. For example, the name for
the intake day of week is DR1DAY in the Day 1 file and DR2DAY in the Day 2
file. Table 2 lists the Day 1 and Day 2 variable names.

Names for the following variables are the same for both days:

**Day 1 and Day 2 variable name** | **Label**  
---|---  
SEQN | Respondent sequence number  
WTDRD1 | Dietary day one sample weight  
WTDR2D | Dietary two-day sample weight  
DRABF | Breast-fed infant (either day)  
DRDINT | Number of days of intake  
  
**Number of Intake Days Variable:** Because two days of data are included in
the 2003-2004 release, a variable has been added to indicate the number of
days of intake available for each participant. The variable name is DRDINT.

**Dietary Recall Status Code:** A status code (DR1DRSTZ or DR2DRSTZ) is used
in the file to indicate the quality and completeness of a survey participant's
response to the dietary recall section. The codes are the following:

1 = Reliable and met the minimum criteria  
  
For individuals with a code 1, all relevant variables associated with the
24-hour dietary recall contain a value.  
2 = Not reliable or did not meet the minimum criteria  
  
Individuals with a code 2 have incomplete records. No data on total nutrient
intakes and the total number of foods are provided for these cases.  
4 = Reported consuming breast milk  
  
In the Individual Foods Files, records containing reports of human milk have
missing values for the amount consumed and for the amounts of energy and
nutrients from human milk. Because of the missing nutrient information for
human milk, no total nutrient intakes were derived for participants with a
code 4. Records for any other foods and beverages consumed by breast-fed
infants and children are included in the Individual Foods Files along with
their amounts and nutrient information.  
A variable that identifies breast-fed children, DRABF, is included with the
2003-2004 release. This variable has a code of 1 if a child consumed breast
milk in either intake day.  
5 = Not done  
  
This code is assigned when the dietary recall section of the interview did not
take place due to various reasons (such as arrived late/left early, refusal,
illness, emergency, or equipment failure). These individuals have a record in
the Total Nutrients File with values only in the following variables: the
respondent sequence number (SEQN), the dietary recall status code (DR1DRSTZ or
DR2DRSTZ) and for children 1-5 and females 16-49 years old, the fish and
shellfish questions in the DR1TOT_C file (DRD340, DRD350A-K, DRD350AQ-JQ,
DRD360, DRD370A-V, and DRD370AQ-UQ)  

In addition to the status code described above, the variable DR1_300 and
DR2_300 denotes the participant's assessment of whether the amount of food
consumed on the recall day was usual, much more than usual, or much less than
usual.

**Participants Reported Fasting:** Three participants reported fasting during
one of their intake collection days. Their dietary recall status for the
fasting day is coded as "1" (complete and reliable). The total number of foods
reported and all total nutrient intakes variables are coded as "0". Values are
present for other variables collected after the dietary recall, such as water
consumption. By definition, no individual food consumption is reported in
these cases, therefore, no records were included in the Individual Foods File
for these individuals for the specific fasting day.

**Special Diet Variable:** This is the first WWEIA NHANES data release to
include information on whether the participant is currently on any kind of
diet to lose weight or for another health-related reason and, if so, the type
of diet. The variable DRQSDIET identifies whether a participant is on a
special diet. The variables DRQSDT1 through DRQSDT8 and DRQSDT91 identify the
type of diet(s) that the participant is following. This information was also
collected in 2002 but was not publicly released because of confidentiality
issues concerning single-year data.

Note that responses to the type of diet were collected as "code all that
apply". A participant could report more than one type of diet, and all
responses were recorded. The variable DRQSDT1 denotes the type of diet the
participant followed specifically for weight loss purposes, which includes a
variety of low calorie diets, low carbohydrate diets and/or high protein
diets. If the participant reported being on a high protein diet for the
purpose of gaining weight or muscle building instead of weight loss, the
response was coded in variable DRQSDT8 (Weight gain/Muscle building diet).

**Sample weights for dietary intake data:** The NHANES participants were
selected on the basis of a national probability design. In order to increase
the number of participants for specific demographic groups, a multi-stage,
unequal probability of selection design was implemented. The NHANES
oversamples blacks, Mexican Americans, low income whites, adolescents 12-19
years, and persons 60 years and older. Sample weights are constructed that
encompass the unequal probabilities of selection, as well as adjustments for
non-participation by selected sample persons. In order to produce national,
representative estimates, the appropriate sample weights must be used.

For the 2003-2004 NHANES, there were 12,761 persons selected; of these 9,643
were considered respondents to the MEC examination and data collection.
However, only 9,034 of the MEC respondents provided complete dietary intakes
for Day 1. Furthermore, of those providing the Day 1 data, only 8,354 provided
complete dietary intakes for Day 2.

Most analyses of NHANES data use data collected in the MEC and the variable
WTMEC2YR should be used for the sample weights. However, for the dietary data,
different sample weights are recommended for analysis. Although attempts are
made to schedule MEC exams uniformly throughout the week, proportionally more
exams occur on weekend days than on weekdays. Because food intake can vary by
day of week, use of the MEC weights would disproportionately represent intakes
on weekends.

A set of weights WTDRD1 is provided that should be used when an analysis uses
the Day 1 dietary recall data (either alone or when Day 1 nutrient data are
used in conjunction with MEC data). The set of weights WTDRD1 is applicable to
the 9,034 respondents with Day 1 data. Day 1 weights were constructed by
taking the MEC sample weights (WTMEC2YR) and further adjusting for (a) the
additional non-response and (b) the differential allocation by day of the week
for the dietary intake data collection. These Day 1 weights are more variable
than the MEC weights, and the sample size is smaller, so estimated standard
errors using Day 1 data and Day 1 weights are larger than standard errors for
similar estimates based on MEC weights.

When analysis is based on both days of dietary intake, only the 8,354 sample
persons have valid data. The NHANES protocol requires an attempt to collect
the second day of dietary data at least 3 days after the first day, but the
actual number of days between the two days is variable. A set of adjusted
weights, WTDR2D, is to be used only when analysis uses both Day 1 and Day 2
dietary data. This two-day weight was constructed for the 8,354 respondents by
taking the Day 1 weights (WTDRD1) and further adjusting for (a) the additional
non-response for the second recall and (b) for the proportion of weekend-
weekday combinations of Day 1 and Day 2 recalls.

Note that all sample weights are person-level weights and each set of weights
should add to the same population control total as the MEC weights (WTMEC2YR).
In addition, the MEC weights (WTMEC2YR) are appropriate for use in the
analysis of the fish and shellfish consumption data (i.e., variables DRD340,
DRD350A-K, DRD350AQ-JQ, DRD360, DRD370A-V, and DRD370AQ-UQ) located in the Day
1 Total Nutrient Intake File (DR1TOT_C), if no other dietary data are included
in the analysis. Additional explanation of sample weights and appropriate uses
are included in the **NHANES Analytic Guidelines**. Please also refer to the
Analytic Guidelines for further details on other analytic issues at:  
<https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx>.



## References

  * Agricultural Research Service, Beltsville Human Nutrition Research Center, Food Surveys Research Group, Beltsville, MD. USDA Food and Nutrient Database for Dietary Studies 2.0. Available from: <http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg  >
  * Agricultural Research Service, Beltsville Human Nutrition Research Center, Food Surveys Research Group, Hyattsville, MD. USDA Automated Multiple-Pass Method for Dietary Recalls. Available from: <http://www.ars.usda.gov/ba/bhnrc/fsrg  >
  * Agricultural Research Service, Beltsville Human Nutrition Research Center, Nutrient Data Laboratory, Beltsville, MD. USDA National Nutrient Database for Standard Reference, Release 18. Available from: <http://www.ars.usda.gov/nutrientdata>
  * Anand, J., Raper, N., Tong, A. Quality assurance during data processing of food and nutrient intakes. J. Food Compos. Anal. 2006; 19(suppl 1):S86-S90. Available from: <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/7354>
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey MEC In-Person Dietary Interviewers Procedure Manual. Hyattsville, MD: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 2002. Available from: <http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/nhanes_03_04/DIETARY_MEC.pdf>
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Center for Health Statistics. National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Phone Follow-Up Dietary Interviewer Procedure Manual. Hyattsville, MD: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 2004. Available from: <http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/nhanes_03_04/DIETARY_PFU.pdf>
  * Institute of Medicine. 2000. Dietary Reference Intakes: Applications in dietary assessment. Food and Nutrition Board, Washington, DC: National Academy Press.
  * Moshfegh, A.J., Baer, D., Cleveland, L., Rhodes, D., Sebastian, R., Staples, R., Kuczynski, K., Paul, D., Clemens, J., Rumpler, W., Judd, J. 2003. Validation of reported energy intakes in 24-hour dietary recalls using USDA automated multiple-pass method. The FASEB Journal. (abstract) 17(4):A281.
  * Raper, N., Perloff, B., Ingwersen, L., Steinfeldt, L., Anand, J. An overview of USDA's dietary intake data system. J. Food Compos. Anal. 2004; 17(3-4):545-55. Available from: <http://hdl.handle.net/10113/20984>
  * Rhodes, D.G., Moshfegh, A., Cleveland, L., Murayi, T., Baer, D., Sebastian, R., Perloff, B. 2004. Accuracy of 24 hour dietary recalls: preliminary results from USDA AMPM Validation Study. The FASEB Journal. (abstract) 18(4):A111.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### WTDRD1 - Dietary day one sample weight

Variable Name:

    WTDRD1
SAS Label:

    Dietary day one sample weight
English Text:

    Dietary day one sample weight
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
887.3695022 to 293828.97477 | Range of Values | 9034 | 9034 |   
. | Missing | 609 | 9643 |   
  
### WTDR2D - Dietary two-day sample weight

Variable Name:

    WTDR2D
SAS Label:

    Dietary two-day sample weight
English Text:

    Dietary two-day sample weight
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
708.63828227 to 374736.26978 | Range of Values | 8354 | 8354 |   
. | Missing | 1289 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2DRSTZ - Dietary recall status

Variable Name:

    DR2DRSTZ
SAS Label:

    Dietary recall status
English Text:

    Dietary recall status
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Reliable and met the minimum criteria | 8220 | 8220 |   
2 | Not reliable or not met the minimum criteria | 52 | 8272 |   
4 | Reported consuming breast-milk | 134 | 8406 |   
5 | Not done | 1237 | 9643 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2EXMER - Interviewer ID code

Variable Name:

    DR2EXMER
SAS Label:

    Interviewer ID code
English Text:

    Interviewer ID code
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
11 to 97 | Range of Values | 8406 | 8406 |   
. | Missing | 1237 | 9643 |   
  
### DRABF - Breast-fed infant (either day)

Variable Name:

    DRABF
SAS Label:

    Breast-fed infant (either day)
English Text:

    Indicates whether the sample person was an infant who was breast-fed on either of the two recall days. 
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 141 | 141 |   
2 | No | 8893 | 9034 |   
. | Missing | 609 | 9643 |   
  
### DRDINT - Number of days of intake

Variable Name:

    DRDINT
SAS Label:

    Number of days of intake
English Text:

    Indicates whether the sample person has intake data for one or two days.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Day 1 only | 680 | 680 |   
2 | Day 1 and day 2 | 8354 | 9034 |   
. | Missing | 609 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2DAY - Intake day of the week

Variable Name:

    DR2DAY
SAS Label:

    Intake day of the week
English Text:

    Intake day of the week
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Sunday | 1586 | 1586 |   
2 | Monday | 1947 | 3533 |   
3 | Tuesday | 1605 | 5138 |   
4 | Wednesday | 1670 | 6808 |   
5 | Thursday | 562 | 7370 |   
6 | Friday | 652 | 8022 |   
7 | Saturday | 384 | 8406 |   
. | Missing | 1237 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2LANG - Language SP/Proxy used mostly

Variable Name:

    DR2LANG
SAS Label:

    Language SP/Proxy used mostly
English Text:

    The SP/Proxy spoke mostly:
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | English | 7379 | 7379 |   
2 | Spanish | 931 | 8310 |   
3 | English and Spanish | 84 | 8394 |   
4 | Other | 0 | 8394 |   
. | Missing | 1249 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2MNRSP - Main respondent for this interview

Variable Name:

    DR2MNRSP
SAS Label:

    Main respondent for this interview
English Text:

    Who was the main respondent for this interview?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | SP | 6110 | 6110 |   
2 | Mother of SP | 1886 | 7996 |   
3 | Father of SP | 120 | 8116 |   
4 | Wife of SP | 52 | 8168 |   
5 | Husband of SP | 8 | 8176 |   
6 | Daughter of SP | 28 | 8204 |   
7 | Son of SP | 8 | 8212 |   
8 | Grandparent of SP | 36 | 8248 |   
9 | Friend, Partner, Non Relative | 0 | 8248 |   
10 | Translator, not a HH member | 0 | 8248 |   
11 | Child care provider, Caretaker | 9 | 8257 |   
12 | Other Relative | 34 | 8291 |   
13 | Other specify | 4 | 8295 |   
77 | Refused | 0 | 8295 |   
99 | Don't know | 4 | 8299 |   
. | Missing | 1344 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2HELPD - Helped in responding for this interview

Variable Name:

    DR2HELPD
SAS Label:

    Helped in responding for this interview
English Text:

    Who helped in responding for this interview
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | SP | 242 | 242 |   
2 | Mother of SP | 223 | 465 |   
3 | Father of SP | 29 | 494 |   
4 | Wife of SP | 120 | 614 |   
5 | Husband of SP | 21 | 635 |   
6 | Daughter of SP | 14 | 649 |   
7 | Son of SP | 2 | 651 |   
8 | Grandparent of SP | 7 | 658 |   
9 | Friend, Partner, Non Relative | 14 | 672 |   
10 | Translator, not a HH member | 2 | 674 |   
11 | Child care provider, Caretaker | 8 | 682 |   
12 | Other Relative | 49 | 731 |   
13 | No one | 7559 | 8290 |   
14 | Other specify | 2 | 8292 |   
77 | Refused | 0 | 8292 |   
99 | Don't know | 4 | 8296 |   
. | Missing | 1347 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TNUMF - Number of foods

Variable Name:

    DR2TNUMF
SAS Label:

    Number of foods
English Text:

    Total number of foods reported in the individual foods file
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 42 | Range of Values | 8354 | 8354 |   
. | Missing | 1289 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TKCAL - Energy (kcal)

Variable Name:

    DR2TKCAL
SAS Label:

    Energy (kcal)
English Text:

    Energy (kcal)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9265 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TPROT - Protein (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TPROT
SAS Label:

    Protein (gm)
English Text:

    Protein (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 407.31 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TCARB - Carbohydrate (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TCARB
SAS Label:

    Carbohydrate (gm)
English Text:

    Carbohydrate (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1197.06 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TSUGR - Total sugars (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TSUGR
SAS Label:

    Total sugars (gm)
English Text:

    Total sugars (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 789.29 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TFIBE - Dietary fiber (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TFIBE
SAS Label:

    Dietary fiber (gm)
English Text:

    Dietary fiber (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 85.9 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TTFAT - Total fat (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TTFAT
SAS Label:

    Total fat (gm)
English Text:

    Total fat (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 375.11 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TSFAT - Total saturated fatty acids (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TSFAT
SAS Label:

    Total saturated fatty acids (gm)
English Text:

    Total saturated fatty acids (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 149.64 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TMFAT - Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TMFAT
SAS Label:

    Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)
English Text:

    Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 150.244 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TPFAT - Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TPFAT
SAS Label:

    Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)
English Text:

    Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 101.403 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TCHOL - Cholesterol (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TCHOL
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mg)
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2956 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TATOC - Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TATOC
SAS Label:

    Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)
English Text:

    Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 72.23 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TATOA - Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TATOA
SAS Label:

    Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)
English Text:

    Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 56.25 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TRET - Retinol (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TRET
SAS Label:

    Retinol (mcg)
English Text:

    Retinol (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 19369 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TVARA - Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TVARA
SAS Label:

    Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin A as retinol activity equivalents (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 19854 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TACAR - Alpha-carotene (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TACAR
SAS Label:

    Alpha-carotene (mcg)
English Text:

    Alpha-carotene (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14781 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TBCAR - Beta-carotene (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TBCAR
SAS Label:

    Beta-carotene (mcg)
English Text:

    Beta-carotene (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 36576 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TCRYP - Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TCRYP
SAS Label:

    Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)
English Text:

    Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7094 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TLYCO - Lycopene (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TLYCO
SAS Label:

    Lycopene (mcg)
English Text:

    Lycopene (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 142385 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TLZ - Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TLZ
SAS Label:

    Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)
English Text:

    Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 50768 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TVB1 - Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TVB1
SAS Label:

    Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)
English Text:

    Thiamin (Vitamin B1) (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10.78 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TVB2 - Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TVB2
SAS Label:

    Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)
English Text:

    Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14.594 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TNIAC - Niacin (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TNIAC
SAS Label:

    Niacin (mg)
English Text:

    Niacin (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 163.371 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TVB6 - Vitamin B6 (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TVB6
SAS Label:

    Vitamin B6 (mg)
English Text:

    Vitamin B6 (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12.188 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TFOLA - Total Folate (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TFOLA
SAS Label:

    Total Folate (mcg)
English Text:

    Total Folate (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 3663 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TFA - Folic acid (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TFA
SAS Label:

    Folic acid (mcg)
English Text:

    Folic acid (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 3440 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TFF - Food folate (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TFF
SAS Label:

    Food folate (mcg)
English Text:

    Food folate (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 956 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TFDFE - Folate, DFE (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TFDFE
SAS Label:

    Folate, DFE (mcg)
English Text:

    Folate as dietary folate equivalents (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6057 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TVB12 - Vitamin B12 (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TVB12
SAS Label:

    Vitamin B12 (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin B12 (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 260.34 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TB12A - Added vitamin B12 (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TB12A
SAS Label:

    Added vitamin B12 (mcg)
English Text:

    Added vitamin B12 (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 29.725 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TVC - Vitamin C (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TVC
SAS Label:

    Vitamin C (mg)
English Text:

    Vitamin C (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1115.6 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TVK - Vitamin K (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TVK
SAS Label:

    Vitamin K (mcg)
English Text:

    Vitamin K (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2217.3 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TCALC - Calcium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TCALC
SAS Label:

    Calcium (mg)
English Text:

    Calcium (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5620 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TPHOS - Phosphorus (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TPHOS
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mg)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6829 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TMAGN - Magnesium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TMAGN
SAS Label:

    Magnesium (mg)
English Text:

    Magnesium (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1187 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TIRON - Iron (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TIRON
SAS Label:

    Iron (mg)
English Text:

    Iron (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 126.95 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TZINC - Zinc (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TZINC
SAS Label:

    Zinc (mg)
English Text:

    Zinc (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 217.53 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TCOPP - Copper (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TCOPP
SAS Label:

    Copper (mg)
English Text:

    Copper (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 35.768 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TSODI - Sodium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TSODI
SAS Label:

    Sodium (mg)
English Text:

    Sodium (mg) (adjusted for salt use in food preparation)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 16951 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TPOTA - Potassium (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TPOTA
SAS Label:

    Potassium (mg)
English Text:

    Potassium (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14768 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TSELE - Selenium (mcg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TSELE
SAS Label:

    Selenium (mcg)
English Text:

    Selenium (mcg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 665.8 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TCAFF - Caffeine (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TCAFF
SAS Label:

    Caffeine (mg)
English Text:

    Caffeine (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2120 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TTHEO - Theobromine (mg)

Variable Name:

    DR2TTHEO
SAS Label:

    Theobromine (mg)
English Text:

    Theobromine (mg)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 1096 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TALCO - Alcohol (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TALCO
SAS Label:

    Alcohol (gm)
English Text:

    Alcohol (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 645.1 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TMOIS - Moisture (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TMOIS
SAS Label:

    Moisture (gm)
English Text:

    Moisture (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10481.84 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TS040 - SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TS040
SAS Label:

    SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7.595 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TS060 - SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TS060
SAS Label:

    SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 4.2 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TS080 - SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TS080
SAS Label:

    SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8.52 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TS100 - SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TS100
SAS Label:

    SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6.306 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TS120 - SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TS120
SAS Label:

    SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 29.61 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TS140 - SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TS140
SAS Label:

    SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 18.973 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TS160 - SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TS160
SAS Label:

    SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 76.688 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TS180 - SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TS180
SAS Label:

    SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)
English Text:

    SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 38.524 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TM161 - MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TM161
SAS Label:

    MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 16.912 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TM181 - MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TM181
SAS Label:

    MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 144.083 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TM201 - MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TM201
SAS Label:

    MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 4.124 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TM221 - MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TM221
SAS Label:

    MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10.415 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TP182 - PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TP182
SAS Label:

    PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 97.246 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TP183 - PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TP183
SAS Label:

    PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12.085 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TP184 - PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TP184
SAS Label:

    PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 0.803 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TP204 - PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TP204
SAS Label:

    PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2.827 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TP205 - PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TP205
SAS Label:

    PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2.555 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TP225 - PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TP225
SAS Label:

    PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2.324 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TP226 - PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2TP226
SAS Label:

    PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)
English Text:

    PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6.745 | Range of Values | 8220 | 8220 |   
. | Missing | 1423 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2_300 - Compare food consumed yesterday to usual

Variable Name:

    DR2_300
SAS Label:

    Compare food consumed yesterday to usual
English Text:

    Was the amount of food that {you/NAME} ate yesterday much more than usual, usual, or much less than usual?
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Much more than usual | 665 | 665 |   
2 | Usual | 6477 | 7142 |   
3 | Much less than usual | 1240 | 8382 |   
7 | Refused | 0 | 8382 |   
9 | Don't know | 19 | 8401 |   
. | Missing | 1242 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2_320 - Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2_320
SAS Label:

    Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)
English Text:

    Total plain water drank yesterday - including plain tap water, water from a drinking fountain, water from a water cooler, bottled water, and spring water.
English Instructions:

    Release data converted to grams.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11366.4 | Range of Values | 8364 | 8364 |   
. | Missing | 1279 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2_330 - Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2_330
SAS Label:

    Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)
English Text:

    Total tap water drank yesterday - including filtered tap water and water from a drinking fountain.
English Instructions:

    Release data converted to grams.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11366.4 | Range of Values | 8374 | 8374 |   
. | Missing | 1269 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2BWATR - Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2BWATR
SAS Label:

    Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)
English Text:

    Total bottled water drank yesterday. (gm)
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7577.6 | Range of Values | 8394 | 8394 |   
. | Missing | 1249 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2CWATR - Plain carbonated water (gm)

Variable Name:

    DR2CWATR
SAS Label:

    Plain carbonated water (gm)
English Text:

    Plain carbonated water drank yesterday - including unsweetened carbonated water, seltzer water, club soda, and carbonated bottled water such as Perrier.
English Instructions:

    Release data converted to grams.
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 2841.6 | Range of Values | 8406 | 8406 |   
. | Missing | 1237 | 9643 |   
  
### DR2TWS - Tap Water Source

Variable Name:

    DR2TWS
SAS Label:

    Tap Water Source
English Text:

    Tap Water Source
Target:

     Both males and females 0 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Community supply | 4478 | 4478 |   
2 | Well or rain cistern | 424 | 4902 |   
3 | Spring | 52 | 4954 |   
91 | Other | 30 | 4984 |   
99 | Don't know | 131 | 5115 |   
. | Missing | 4528 | 9643 |   
  
## Table 2. DR1TOT_C and DR2TOT_C Variables by Position

Day 1 Name | Day 2 Name | Variable Label  
---|---|---  
SEQN | SEQN | Respondent sequence number  
WTDRD1 | WTDRD1 | Dietary day one sample weight  
WTDR2D | WTDR2D | Dietary two-day sample weight  
DR1DRSTZ | DR2DRSTZ | Dietary recall status  
DR1EXMER | DR2EXMER | Interviewer ID code  
DRABF | DRABF | Breast-fed infant (either day)  
DRDINT | DRDINT | Number of days of intake  
DR1DAY | DR2DAY | Intake day of the week  
DR1LANG | DR2LANG | Language SP/proxy used mostly  
DR1MNRSP | DR2MNRSP | Main respondent for this interview  
DR1HELPD | DR2HELPD | Helped in responding for this interview  
DBQ095Z | N/A | Type of salt you use  
DBD100 | N/A | How often add salt to food at table  
DRQSPREP | N/A | Salt used in preparation?  
DRQSDIET | N/A | On special diet?  
DRQSDT1 | N/A | Weight loss/ low cal/ low carb/ hi pro diet  
DRQSDT2 | N/A | Low fat/ low cholesterol diet  
DRQSDT3 | N/A | Low salt/ low sodium diet  
DRQSDT4 | N/A | Sugar free/ low sugar diet  
DRQSDT5 | N/A | Low fiber diet  
DRQSDT6 | N/A | High fiber diet  
DRQSDT7 | N/A | Diabetic diet  
DRQSDT8 | N/A | Weight gain/ muscle building diet  
DRQSDT91 | N/A | Other special diet  
DR1TNUMF | DR2TNUMF | Number of foods  
DR1TKCAL | DR2TKCAL | Energy (kcal)  
DR1TPROT | DR2TPROT | Protein (gm)  
DR1TCARB | DR2TCARB | Carbohydrate (gm)  
DR1TSUGR | DR2TSUGR | Total sugars (gm)  
DR1TFIBE | DR2TFIBE | Dietary fiber (gm)  
DR1TTFAT | DR2TTFAT | Total fat (gm)  
DR1TSFAT | DR2TSFAT | Total saturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1TMFAT | DR2TMFAT | Total monounsaturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1TPFAT | DR2TPFAT | Total polyunsaturated fatty acids (gm)  
DR1TCHOL | DR2TCHOL | Cholesterol (mg)  
DR1TATOC | DR2TATOC | Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)  
DR1TATOA | DR2TATOA | Added alpha-tocopherol (Vitamin E) (mg)  
DR1TRET | DR2TRET | Retinol (mcg)  
DR1TVARA | DR2TVARA | Vitamin A, RAE (mcg)  
DR1TACAR | DR2TACAR | Alpha-carotene (mcg)  
DR1TBCAR | DR2TBCAR | Beta-carotene (mcg)  
DR1TCRYP | DR2TCRYP | Beta-cryptoxanthin (mcg)  
DR1TLYCO | DR2TLYCO | Lycopene (mcg)  
DR1TLZ | DR2TLZ | Lutein + zeaxanthin (mcg)  
DR1TVB1 | DR2TVB1 | Thiamin (vitamin B1) (mg)  
DR1TVB2 | DR2TVB2 | Riboflavin (vitamin B2) (mg)  
DR1TNIAC | DR2TNIAC | Niacin (mg)  
DR1TVB6 | DR2TVB6 | Vitamin B6 (mg)  
DR1TFOLA | DR2TFOLA | Total folate (mcg)  
DR1TFA | DR2TFA | Folic acid (mcg)  
DR1TFF | DR2TFF | Food folate (mcg)  
DR1TFDFE | DR2TFDFE | Folate, DFE (mcg)  
DR1TVB12 | DR2TVB12 | Vitamin B12 (mcg)  
DR1TB12A | DR2TB12A | Added vitamin B12 (mcg)  
DR1TVC | DR2TVC | Vitamin C (mg)  
DR1TVK | DR2TVK | Vitamin K (mcg)  
DR1TCALC | DR2TCALC | Calcium (mg)  
DR1TPHOS | DR2TPHOS | Phosphorus (mg)  
DR1TMAGN | DR2TMAGN | Magnesium (mg)  
DR1TIRON | DR2TIRON | Iron (mg)  
DR1TZINC | DR2TZINC | Zinc (mg)  
DR1TCOPP | DR2TCOPP | Copper (mg)  
DR1TSODI | DR2TSODI | Sodium (mg)  
DR1TPOTA | DR2TPOTA | Potassium (mg)  
DR1TSELE | DR2TSELE | Selenium (mcg)  
DR1TCAFF | DR2TCAFF | Caffeine (mg)  
DR1TTHEO | DR2TTHEO | Theobromine (mg)  
DR1TALCO | DR2TALCO | Alcohol (gm)  
DR1TMOIS | DR2TMOIS | Moisture (gm)  
DR1TS040 | DR2TS040 | SFA 4:0 (Butanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS060 | DR2TS060 | SFA 6:0 (Hexanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS080 | DR2TS080 | SFA 8:0 (Octanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS100 | DR2TS100 | SFA 10:0 (Decanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS120 | DR2TS120 | SFA 12:0 (Dodecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS140 | DR2TS140 | SFA 14:0 (Tetradecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS160 | DR2TS160 | SFA 16:0 (Hexadecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TS180 | DR2TS180 | SFA 18:0 (Octadecanoic) (gm)  
DR1TM161 | DR2TM161 | MFA 16:1 (Hexadecenoic) (gm)  
DR1TM181 | DR2TM181 | MFA 18:1 (Octadecenoic) (gm)  
DR1TM201 | DR2TM201 | MFA 20:1 (Eicosenoic) (gm)  
DR1TM221 | DR2TM221 | MFA 22:1 (Docosenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP182 | DR2TP182 | PFA 18:2 (Octadecadienoic) (gm)  
DR1TP183 | DR2TP183 | PFA 18:3 (Octadecatrienoic) (gm)  
DR1TP184 | DR2TP184 | PFA 18:4 (Octadecatetraenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP204 | DR2TP204 | PFA 20:4 (Eicosatetraenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP205 | DR2TP205 | PFA 20:5 (Eicosapentaenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP225 | DR2TP225 | PFA 22:5 (Docosapentaenoic) (gm)  
DR1TP226 | DR2TP226 | PFA 22:6 (Docosahexaenoic) (gm)  
DR1_300 | DR2_300 | Compare food consumed yesterday to usual  
DR1_320 | DR2_320 | Total plain water drank yesterday (gm)  
DR1_330 | DR2_330 | Total tap water drank yesterday (gm)  
DR1BWATR | DR2BWATR | Total bottled water drank yesterday (gm)  
DR1CWATR | DR2CWATR | Plain carbonated water (gm)  
DR1TWS | DR2TWS | Tap water source  
DRD340 | N/A | Shellfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350A | N/A | Clams eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350AQ | N/A | # of times clams eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350B | N/A | Crabs eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350BQ | N/A | # of times crabs eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350C | N/A | Crayfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350CQ | N/A | # of times crayfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD350D | N/A | Lobsters eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350DQ | N/A | # of times lobsters eaten past 30 days  
DRD350E | N/A | Mussels eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350EQ | N/A | # of times mussels eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350F | N/A | Oysters eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350FQ | N/A | # of times oysters eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350G | N/A | Scallops eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350GQ | N/A | # of times scallops eaten past 30 days  
DRD350H | N/A | Shrimp eaten during past 30 days  
DRD350HQ | N/A | # of times shrimp eaten in past 30 days  
DRD350I | N/A | Other shellfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD350IQ | N/A | # of times other shellfish eaten  
DRD350J | N/A | Other unknown shellfish eaten past 30 d  
DRD350JQ | N/A | # of times other unknown shellfish eaten  
DRD350K | N/A | Refused on shellfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD360 | N/A | Fish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370A | N/A | Breaded fish products eaten past 30 days  
DRD370AQ | N/A | # of times breaded fish products eaten  
DRD370B | N/A | Tuna eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370BQ | N/A | # of times tuna eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370C | N/A | Bass eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370CQ | N/A | # of times bass eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370D | N/A | Catfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370DQ | N/A | # of times catfish eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370E | N/A | Cod eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370EQ | N/A | # of times cod eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370F | N/A | Flatfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370FQ | N/A | # of times flatfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD370G | N/A | Haddock eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370GQ | N/A | # of times haddock eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370H | N/A | Mackerel eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370HQ | N/A | # of times mackerel eaten past 30 days  
DRD370I | N/A | Perch eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370IQ | N/A | # of times perch eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370J | N/A | Pike eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370JQ | N/A | # of times pike eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370K | N/A | Pollock eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370KQ | N/A | # of times pollock eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370L | N/A | Porgy eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370LQ | N/A | # of times porgy eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370M | N/A | Salmon eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370MQ | N/A | # of times salmon eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370N | N/A | Sardines eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370NQ | N/A | # of times sardines eaten past 30 days  
DRD370O | N/A | Sea bass eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370OQ | N/A | # of times sea bass eaten past 30 days  
DRD370P | N/A | Shark eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370PQ | N/A | # of times shark eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370Q | N/A | Swordfish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370QQ | N/A | # of times swordfish eaten past 30 days  
DRD370R | N/A | Trout eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370RQ | N/A | # of times trout eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370S | N/A | Walleye eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370SQ | N/A | # of times walleye eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370T | N/A | Other fish eaten during past 30 days  
DRD370TQ | N/A | # of times other fish eaten past 30 days  
DRD370U | N/A | Other unknown fish eaten in past 30 days  
DRD370UQ | N/A | # of times other unknown fish eaten  
DRD370V | N/A | Refused on fish eaten past 30 days  
  
## Table 3. List of Nutrients/Food Components (Unit)

Food energy (kcal)  
Protein (g)  
Carbohydrate (g)  
Fat, total (g)  
Alcohol (g)  
Sugars, total (g)  
Dietary fiber, total (g)  
Water (g)  
Saturated fatty acids, total (g)  
Monounsaturated fatty acids, total (g)  
Polyunsaturated fatty acids, total (g)  
Cholesterol (mg)  
Individual fatty acids:  
  4:0 (g)  
  6:0 (g)  
  8:0 (g)  
  10:0 (g)  
  12:0 (g)  
  14:0 (g)  
  16:0 (g)  
  18:0 (g)  
  16:1 (g)  
  18:1 (g)  
  20:1 (g)  
  22:1 (g)  
  18:2 (g)  
  18:3 (g)  
  18:4 (g)  
  20:4 (g)  
  20:5 n-3 (g)  
  22:5 n-3 (g)  
  22:6 n-3 (g)  
Vitamin A as retinol activity equivalents (μg)  
Retinol (μg)  
Carotenoids:  
  Carotene, alpha (μg)  
  Carotene, beta (μg)  
  Cryptoxanthin, beta (μg)  
  Lycopene (μg)  
  Lutein + zeaxanthin (μg)  
Vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)  
  Added vitamin E as alpha-tocopherol (mg)  
Vitamin K as phylloquinone (μg)  
Vitamin C (mg)  
Thiamin (mg)  
Riboflavin (mg)  
Niacin (mg)  
Vitamin B-6 (mg)  
Folate, total (μg)  
  Folate as dietary folate equivalents (μg)  
  Folic acid (μg)  
  Food folate (μg)  
Vitamin B-12 (μg)  
  Added vitamin B-12 (μg)  
Calcium (mg)  
Iron (mg)  
Magnesium (mg)  
Phosphorus (mg)  
Potassium (mg)  
Sodium (mg)  
Zinc (mg)  
Copper (mg)  
Selenium (μg)  
Caffeine (mg)  
Theobromine (mg)  

