ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Method Files
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXGH - Glycohemoglobin (%)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2013-2014 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Glycohemoglobin (GHB_H)

####  Data File: GHB_H.xpt

#####  First Published: October 2015

#####  Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

Diabetes mellitus will be assessed by measuring blood glycohemoglobin, fasting
plasma glucose, 2-hour glucose (Oral Glucose Tolerance Test), and serum
insulin in participants aged 12 years and over.

Glycohemoglobin measures are available for a full sample.

Diabetes is a leading cause of disease and death in the United States.
Approximately eight million Americans are known to have diabetes, and it is
estimated that an equal number have undiagnosed diabetes. In 1993, nearly 18
percent of all deaths for persons over the age of 25 were among people with
diabetes. The prevalence of diabetes and overweight (one of the major risk
factors for diabetes) continue to increase. Substantial new efforts to prevent
or control diabetes have begun, including the Diabetes Prevention Trial and
the National Diabetes Education Program.

Diabetes testing provides population data to: 1) determine a national estimate
of diabetes disease prevalence (diagnosed and undiagnosed); 2) identify the
risk factors of diabetes disease; 3) permit a national cohort to be
established for follow-up studies of this condition; and 4) provide critical
information to clinicians and public health officials for the development of
preventive care and community-based interventions.

## Eligible Sample

Examined participants aged 12 years and older were eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

In this assay, the stable (SA1c) and labile (LA1c) A1c forms can be
individually resolved on the chromatogram without manual pretreatment,
allowing accurate measurement of the stable form of HbA1c. The analyzer
dilutes the whole blood specimen with a hemolysis solution, and then injects a
small volume of the treated specimen onto the HPLC analytical column.
Separation is achieved by utilizing differences in ionic interactions between
the cation exchange group on the column resin surface and the hemoglobin
components. The hemoglobin fractions (A1c, A1b, F, LA1c, SA1c, A0 and H-Var)
are subsequently removed from the column material by step-wise elution using
elution buffers each with a different salt concentration. The separated
hemoglobin components pass through the photometer flow cell where the analyzer
measures changes in absorbance at 415 nm. The analyzer integrates and reduces
the raw data, and then calculates the relative percentages of each hemoglobin
fraction. Analysis requires three minutes.

Refer to the Laboratory Method Files section for detailed laboratory procedure
manual(s) of the methods used.

There were no changes to the lab method, or lab equipment for this component
in the NHANES 2013-2014 cycle. There was a change in the lab location. In
2011-2012 the University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN performed this testing.
However, in 2013-2014 the University of Missouri-Columbia began testing
glycohemoglobin.

## Laboratory Method Files

[Glycohemoglobin](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/labmethods/GHB_H_MET_GLYCOHEMOGLOBIN.pdf)
(October 2015)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Whole blood specimens were processed, stored and shipped to the University of
Missouri-Columbia, MO for analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the NHANES [ Laboratory Procedures Manual
(LPM)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_mec_laboratory_procedures_manual.pdf).
Vials are stored under appropriate refrigerated (5°C) conditions until they
are shipped to University of Missouri for testing.

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the [NHANES
LPM](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_mec_laboratory_procedures_manual.pdf).

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**  
Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured quality assurance evaluation during
unscheduled visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the
quality-control procedures. Each laboratory staff member is observed for
equipment operation, specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures
and constructive feedback are given to each staff member. Formal retraining
sessions are conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were
maintained.

**Analytical Laboratories**  
NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split samples collected on "dry run" sessions. In addition, contract
laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2% of all specimens.

NCHS developed and distributed a quality control protocol for all the contract
laboratories which outlined the use of Westgard rules (Westgard et al, 1981)
when running NHANES specimens. Progress reports containing any problems
encountered during shipping or receipt of specimens, summary statistics for
each control pool, QC graphs, instrument calibration, reagents, and any
special considerations are submitted to NCHS quarterly. The reports are
reviewed for trends or shifts in the data. The laboratories are required to
explain any identified areas of concern.

All QC procedures recommended by the manufacturers were followed. Reported
results for all assays meet the University of Missouri's quality control and
quality assurance performance criteria for accuracy and precision, similar to
the Westgard rules.  
  

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

## Analytic Notes

Refer to the [2013 - 2014 Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2013)
for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The [NHANES 2013-2014 Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&CycleBeginYear=2013)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample design variables.
The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and
PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data
file.

The [Fasting Questionnaire
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/2013-2014/fastqx_h.htm) includes
auxiliary information such as fasting status, the time of venipuncture, and
the conditions precluding venipuncture.

This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

**Detection Limits**

Since this data is reported in percent the use of lower LLODs isn't
applicable.  
  
Exam sample weights should be used for analyses. Please refer to the NHANES
[Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line NHANES [Tutorial](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/) for further
details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

## References

  * Bunn HF, Gabbay KH, Gallop PM. The glycosylation of hemoglobin: relevance to diabetes mellitus. Science 1678; 200:21-7.
  * Cerami A, Koenig RJ. Hemoglobin a1c as a model for the development of sequelae of diabetes mellitus. TIBS 1978; Apr: 73.
  * Steffes M, Cleary P, Goldstein D, et al. Hemoglobin A1c Measurements over Nearly Two Decades: Sustaining Comparable Values throughout the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial and the Epidemiology of Diabetes Interventions and Complications Study. Clin Chem 2005; 51:4.
  * Tosoh A1c 2.2 Plus Glycohemoglobin Assay Application Instruction Guide, 1998. PN 990233 Version 1.2. Tosoh Medics, Inc.
  * Tosoh A1c 2.2 Plus Operator's Manual, 1998. PN 990228 Version 1.2. Tosoh Medics, Inc., 347 South San Francisco, CA 94080.
  * Trivelli LA, Ranney HM, Lai H-T. Hemoglobin components in patients with diabetes mellitus. NEJM 1971; 284(7):353.
  * Westgard J.O., Barry P.L., Hunt M.R., Groth T. A multi-rule Shewhart chart for quality control in clinical chemistry. Clin Chem (1981) 27:493-501.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXGH - Glycohemoglobin (%)

Variable Name:

    LBXGH 
SAS Label:

    Glycohemoglobin (%)
English Text:

    Glycohemoglobin (%)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3.5 to 17.5 | Range of Values | 6643 | 6643 |   
. | Missing | 336 | 6979 | 

