ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Method Files
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXHBS - Hepatitis B Surface Antibody

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2013-2014 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Hepatitis B: Surface Antibody (HEPB_S_H)

####  Data File: HEPB_S_H.xpt

#####  First Published: October 2015

#####  Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

 Hepatitis viruses constitute a major public health problem because of the
morbidity and mortality associated with the acute and chronic consequences of
these infections. New immunization strategies have been developed to eliminate
the spread of hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis A virus (HAV) in the
United States. Recommendations have also been developed for the prevention and
control of hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. Because of the high rate of
asymptomatic infection with these viruses, information about the prevalence of
these diseases is needed to monitor prevention efforts. By testing a
nationally representative sample of the U.S. population, NHANES will provide
the most reliable estimates of age-specific prevalence needed to evaluate the
effectiveness of the strategies to prevent these infections. Testing for
hepatitis B surface antibody contributes information important to distinguish
immunity from vaccination among persons who lack antibodies to hepatitis B
core. NHANES testing for markers of infection with hepatitis viruses will be
used to determine secular trends in infection rates across most age and
racial/ethnic groups, and will provide a national picture of the epidemiologic
determinants of these infections.

## Eligible Sample

Examined participants aged 2 years or older were eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

The VITROS Anti-HBs Quantitative assay is performed using the VITROS Anti-HBs
Quantitative Reagent Pack and VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Anti-HBs
Calibrators on the VITROS ECi/ECiQ or VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System.

The bound HRP conjugate is measured by a luminescent reaction. A reagent
containing luminogenic substrates (a luminol derivative and a peracid salt)
and an electron transfer agent is added to the wells. The HRP in the bound
conjugate catalyzes the oxidation of the luminol derivative, producing light.
The electron transfer agent (a substituted acetanilide) increases the level of
light produced and prolongs its emission. The light signals are read by the
system. The amount of HRP conjugate bound is directly proportional to the
concentration of anti HBs present.

Refer to the Laboratory Method Files section for detailed laboratory procedure
manual(s) of the methods used.

There were no changes to the lab method, lab equipment, or lab site for this
component in the NHANES 2013-2014 cycle.

## Laboratory Method Files

[Hepatitis B Surface Antigen
(HBsAg)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/labmethods/HEPBD_H_Hepatitis
B surface antigen_met.pdf) (October 2015)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Blood specimens are processed, stored, and shipped to the Division of Viral
Hepatitis, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD, and TB
Prevention, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for
analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the NHANES [Laboratory Procedures Manual
(LPM)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_mec_laboratory_procedures_manual.pdf).
Vials are stored under appropriate frozen (-30°C) conditions until they are
shipped to Division of Viral Hepatitis, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral
Hepatitis, STD, and TB Prevention for testing.

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the [NHANES
LPM](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_mec_laboratory_procedures_manual.pdf).

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured quality assurance evaluation during
unscheduled visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the
quality-control procedures. Each laboratory staff member is observed for
equipment operation, specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures
and constructive feedback are given to each staff member. Formal retraining
sessions are conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were
maintained.

**Analytical Laboratories**

NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split samples collected on "dry run" sessions. In addition, contract
laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2% of all specimens.

Progress reports containing any problems encountered during shipping or
receipt of specimens, summary statistics for each control pool, QC graphs,
instrument calibration, reagents, and any special considerations are submitted
to NCHS quarterly. The reports are reviewed for trends or shifts in the data.
The laboratories are required to explain any identified areas of concern.

All QC procedures recommended by the manufacturers were followed. Reported
results for all assays meet the National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis,
STD, and TB Prevention's quality control and quality assurance performance
criteria for accuracy and precision_rules.

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

## Analytic Notes

Refer to the [2013 - 2014 Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2013)
for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The NHANES [2013-2014 Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&CycleBeginYear=2013)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample design variables.
The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and
PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data
file.

The [Fasting Questionnaire
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/2013-2014/fastqx_h.htm) includes
auxiliary information such as fasting status, the time of venipuncture, and
the conditions precluding venipuncture.

This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

**Detection Limits**

Since this data is reported as qualitative data the use of lower limits of
detection (LLODs) isn't applicable.  
  
Exam sample weights should be used for analyses. Please refer to the NHANES
[Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line NHANES [Tutorial](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/) for further
details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

## References

  * N/A.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number
Target:

     Both males and females 2 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXHBS - Hepatitis B Surface Antibody

Variable Name:

    LBXHBS 
SAS Label:

    Hepatitis B Surface Antibody
English Text:

    Hepatitis B Surface Antibody
Target:

     Both males and females 2 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 2638 | 2638 |   
2 | Negative | 5623 | 8261 |   
. | Missing | 914 | 9175 | 

