ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Method Files
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBDHI - HIV antibody test result

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2013-2014 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### HIV Antibody Test (HIV_H)

####  Data File: HIV_H.xpt

#####  First Published: October 2015

#####  Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

The estimated prevalence of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection in
the United States population is an important measure of the extent of the
medical and financial burden the nation faces due to this virus. The current
NHANES (1999-present) and HIV antibody data from NHANES III (1988-94) serves
as a baseline for monitoring the changes in the epidemic over time in the
general population of the United States.

## Eligible Sample

Examined participants aged 18-59 years were eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**  HIV antibody blood assay test results:**

All specimens were tested using the Synthetic Peptide Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA)
(Genetic Systems HIV-1/HIV-2 Peptide EIA) for the detection of antibody to
human immunodeficiency virus type 1 or type 2 (HIV-1 or HIV-2) or both (Bio-
Rad Laboratories, Redmond, WA). Any specimen that reacted in an initial test
was retested in duplicate with the Genetic Systems HIV-1/HIV-2 Peptide EIA.
Initially, reactive specimens that were reactive in either one or both
duplicates from the repeat testing are referred to as "repeatedly reactive."
These repeatedly reactive specimens were then tested with a more specific
test, the Cambridge Biotech HIV-1 Western Blot Kit (Calypte Biomedical
Corporation, Rockville, MD).

The combination of electrophoretic separation of complex mixtures of antigens
with the highly sensitive immunoblotting technique has been useful in
characterizing the antigenic profile of HIV-1 and describing the immune
response to this virus in exposed or infected persons.

The Cambridge Biotech HIV-1 Western Blot Kit, when used as directed, will
detect antibodies to HIV-1 when present in human serum or plasma. The position
of bands on the nitrocellulose strips allows this antibody reactivity to be
associated with specific viral antigens.

The Cambridge Biotech HIV-1 Western Blot Kit is manufactured by Calypte
Corporation from HIV-I propagated in an H9/HTLV-IIIb T lymphocyte cell line.
The partially purified virus is inactivated by treatment with psoralen,
ultraviolet light, and detergent disruption. Specific HIV-1 proteins are
fractionated according to molecular weight by electrophoresis on a
polyacrylamide slab gel in the presence of sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS).

The separated HIV-1 proteins are elecrotransferred from gel to a
nitrocellulose membrane, which is then washed, blocked (to minimize
nonspecific immunoglobulin binding), and packaged. Individual nitrocellulose
strips are incubated with serum or plasma specimens, or controls. During
incubation, if HIV-1 antibodies are present in the specimen, they will bind to
the viral antigens bound to the nitrocellulose strips. The strips are washed
again to remove unbound material.

Visualization of the human immunoglobulins specifically bound to HIV-1
proteins is accomplished in situ by using a series of reactions with goat
anti-human IgG conjugated with biotin, avidin conjugated with horseradish
peroxidase (HRP), and the HRP substrate 4-chloro-1-naphthol. If antibodies to
any of the major HIV-1 antigens are present in the specimen in sufficient
concentration, bands corresponding to the position of one or more of the
following HIV-1 proteins (p) or glycoproteins (gp) will be seen on the
nitrocellulose strip: p17, p24, p31, gp41, p51, p66, gp120, gp160 (number
refers to apparent molecular mass in kilodaltons).

Refer to the Laboratory Method Files section for detailed laboratory procedure
manual(s) of the methods used.

There were no changes to the lab method, lab equipment, or lab site for this
component in the NHANES 2013-2014 cycle.

## Laboratory Method Files

[HIV Antibody / HIV Western Blot Confirmatory
Test](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/labmethods/HIV_H_met_eia_WB.pdf)
(October 2015)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Serum specimens were processed, stored, and shipped to the Division of AIDS,
STD, and TB, National Center for HIV, STD, and TB Prevention, Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the NHANES [Laboratory Procedures Manual
(LPM)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_mec_laboratory_procedures_manual.pdf).
Vials are stored under appropriate frozen (-30°C) conditions until they are
shipped to the Division of AIDS, STD, and TB, National Center for HIV, STD,
and TB Prevention for testing.

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the [NHANES
LPM](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_mec_laboratory_procedures_manual.pdf).

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured quality assurance evaluation during
unscheduled visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the
quality-control procedures. Each laboratory staff member is observed for
equipment operation, specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures
and constructive feedback are given to each staff member. Formal retraining
sessions are conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were
maintained.  
  
**Analytical Laboratories**

NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split samples collected on "dry run" sessions. In addition, contract
laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2% of all specimens.

Progress reports containing any problems encountered during shipping or
receipt of specimens, summary statistics for each control pool, QC graphs,
instrument calibration, reagents, and any special considerations are submitted
to NCHS quarterly. The reports are reviewed for trends or shifts in the data.
The laboratories are required to explain any identified areas of concern.

All QC procedures recommended by the manufacturers were followed. Reported
results for all assays meet the Division of AIDS, STD, and TB, National Center
for HIV, STD, and TB Prevention' quality control and quality assurance
performance criteria for accuracy and precision.

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

## Analytic Notes

Refer to the [2013 - 2014 Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2013)
for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The NHANES [2013-2014 Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/2013-2014/demo_h.htm) contains
demographic data, health indicators, and other related information collected
during household interviews as well as the sample design variables. The
recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and PSU
variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data file.

The [Fasting Questionnaire
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/2013-2014/fastqx_h.htm) includes
auxiliary information such as fasting status, the time of venipuncture, and
the conditions precluding venipuncture.

This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

The serum specimens were first tested by enzyme immunoassay (EIA) and
confirmed by Western blot (WB). If the EIA was repeatedly negative, the HIV
antibody result was coded as negative. If the EIA was positive and the WB was
positive, the result was coded as positive. If the EIA was positive or
indeterminate but the WB was negative, the result was coded as negative. If
the EIA was positive or indeterminate but the WB was indeterminate, the result
was coded as indeterminate.

**Detection Limits**

Since this data is reported as qualitative data the use of lower LLODs isn't
applicable.

Exam sample weights should be used for analyses. Please refer to the NHANES
[Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line NHANES [Tutorial](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/) for further
details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

## References

  * N/A.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 59 YEARS

### LBDHI - HIV antibody test result

Variable Name:

    LBDHI 
SAS Label:

    HIV antibody test result
English Text:

    HIV antibody test result
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 59 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 20 | 20 |   
2 | Negative | 3888 | 3908 |   
3 | Indeterminate | 4 | 3912 |   
. | Missing | 227 | 4139 | 

