### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Method Files
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXHP2C - Cobas HPV Swab High Risk

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2015-2016 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Human Papillomavirus (HPV) DNA - Vaginal Swab: Roche Cobas High-Risk
(HPVSWC_I)

####  Data File: HPVSWC_I.xpt

##### First Published: November 2018

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

Human papillomavirus (HPV) infection is one of the most common sexually
transmitted infections in the United States. Cervical infection with certain
types of HPV is a major risk factor for cervical cancer in women. The "high-
risk" types of HPV (e.g., HPV 16, 18) are associated with cervical cancer as
well as other anogenital cancers, and the "low-risk" types of HPV (e.g., HPV
6, 11) with genital warts. No national surveillance system exists to measure
the full burden of HPV infection, and no reliable national population estimate
of HPV exists. NHANES offers a unique opportunity to assess the prevalence of
HPV infection in the general population.

Reducing the prevalence of HPV infection is a Developmental Healthy People
2010 objective: "Reducing the number of new HPV cases can help minimize the
overall number of cases of high risk subtypes associated with cervical cancer
in females..." Detection and typing of HPV DNA in vaginal swabs will allow
evaluation of trends in prevalence of type-specific HPV infection by age,
sexual behavior, and race/ethnicity. Three HPV vaccines (Gardasil, Gardasil 9,
and Cervarix) are licensed and recommended for use in females. Two vaccines
are licensed and recommended for use in males (Gardasil and Gardasil 9). In
mid-2006, the Advisory Committee on Immunizations (ACIP) recommended routine
vaccination of females aged 11 or 12 years and for those 13-26 years not
previously vaccinated. In December 2011, ACIP recommended routine vaccination
of males aged 11 or 12 years and for those aged 13 through 21 years not
previously vaccinated. As a vaccine becomes more widely used, the national
prevalence of HPV infection will be critical for evaluating vaccination
strategies in the United States.

## Eligible Sample

Examined female participants aged 14-59 years were eligible. This public data
file includes data for examined participants aged 18 to 59 years. Please see
_Analytic Notes_ about the release of data for adolescents aged 14-17 years.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

DNA extraction was performed with a modified protocol and the commercial
QIAamp kit (Qiagen, 2003). Presence of high-risk HPV in the extracted
participant DNA is determined with the Cobas Human Papillomavirus (HPV) test.
This qualitative in-vitro diagnostics test uses oligonucleotide probes labeled
with four different fluorescent dyes. The primers target a DNA region of
approximately 200 nucleotides within the polymorphic L1 region of the HPV
genome to detect 14 high-risk HPV types (16, 18, 31, 33, 35, 39, 45, 51, 52,
56, 58, 59, 66 and 68) in a single analysis. The test reported concurrently
the presence of one or more of these types at clinically relevant infection
levels, however the test was modified from the FDA approved format (sample
type and extraction) and results cannot be used clinically. Refer to the
Laboratory Method Files section for a detailed description of the laboratory
methods used.

## Laboratory Method Files

[HPV Vaginal Swab Cobas High Risk Laboratory Procedure
Manual](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2015-2016/labmethods/HPVSWC_I_HPVC_I_R_MET.pdf)
(November 2018)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Vaginal swab samples were processed, stored, and shipped to the Chronic Viral
Diseases Branch, Division of High-Consequence Pathogens and Pathology,
National Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases, Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the [NHANES Laboratory Procedures Manual
(LPM)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2015-2016/manuals/2016_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf).
Swabs were stored at room temperature until they were shipped to the National
Center for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases for testing.

Detailed QA/QC instructions are discussed in the NHANES
[LPM](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2015-2016/manuals/2016_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf).

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured competency assessment evaluation during
visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the quality-
control procedures. Each laboratory staff member is observed for equipment
operation, specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures and
constructive feedback are given to each staff member. Formal retraining
sessions are conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were
maintained.

**Analytical Laboratories**

NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split samples collected on "dry run" sessions. In addition, contract
laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2% of all specimens.

Progress reports containing any problems encountered during shipping or
receipt of specimens, summary statistics for each control pool, QC graphs,
instrument calibration, reagents, and any special considerations are submitted
to NCHS quarterly. The reports are reviewed for trends or shifts in the data.
The laboratories are required to explain any identified areas of concern.

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.  

## Analytic Notes

Refer to the [2015-2016 Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2015)
for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

**Sample Weights**

MEC exam sample weights should be used for analyses.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The NHANES [2015-2016 Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&CycleBeginYear=2015)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample design variables.
The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and
PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data
file.

This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

The Questionnaire data files contain socio-economic data, health indicators,
and other related information collected during household interviews. Certain
sensitive data on participants under 18 years of age (e.g., HPV typing
results, sexual behavior variables) are not included in the public use files.
These data may be requested as described in the NHANES guidelines.

The public release data file includes HPV vaginal swab data for participants
aged 18-59. HPV vaginal swab data for youth aged 14-17 years are available
through the [NCHS Research Data Center (RDC)](https://www.cdc.gov/rdc/).

**Roche Cobas HPV DNA Test**

The Roche Cobas HPV test is qualitative and only determines the presence or
absence of high-risk HPV. If any analyte (HPV 16, HPV 18, or Other High-risk
HPV) is indicated as positive (POS) in the Cobas result file, the result for
the sample ID will be recorded as positive. If all of the HPV analytes are
negative (NEG) in the Cobas result file the result for the sample ID will be
recorded as negative. If any of the analytes are indicated as invalid in the
Cobas result file, the DNA from that sample will be re-tested one time to
obtain valid results. If the repeated result is still invalid, the final
result will be recorded as inadequate (Cobas Operator's Manual, 2009).

**Detection Limits**

If data is qualitative, the use of lower limits of detection (LLODs) is not
applicable.

Please refer to the [NHANES Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line NHANES [Tutorial](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/) for further
details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

## References

  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. FDA licensure of quadrivalent human papillomavirus vaccine (HPV4, Gardasil) for use in males and guidance from the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP). MMWR 2010; 59:630-2.
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (2018). Healthy People 2010. Retrieved from [https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/healthy_people/hp2010.htm](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/healthy_people/hp2010.htm)  

  * Cobas 4800 system Operator's Manual Software Version 1.0, 2009, Roche Diagnostics Ltd.
  * QIAamp DNA Mini Kit Handbook, Version Date February 2003. QIAGEN Corp.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Females only 18 YEARS - 59 YEARS

### LBXHP2C - Cobas HPV Swab High Risk

Variable Name:

    LBXHP2C
SAS Label:

    Cobas HPV Swab High Risk
English Text:

    Cobas HPV Swab High Risk
Target:

     Females only 18 YEARS - 59 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 359 | 359 |   
2 | Negative | 1475 | 1834 |   
3 | Inadequate | 38 | 1872 |   
. | Missing | 192 | 2064 | 

