

### Table of Contents

  * [Component Description](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=473&Dataset=L05_C#Component_Description)
  * [Eligible Sample](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=473&Dataset=L05_C#Eligible_Sample)
  * [Description of Laboratory Methodology](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=473&Dataset=L05_C#Description_of_Laboratory_Methodology)
  * [Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=473&Dataset=L05_C#Laboratory_Quality_Assurance_and_Monitoring)
  * [Data Processing and Editing](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=473&Dataset=L05_C#Data_Processing_and_Editing)
  * [Analytic Notes](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=473&Dataset=L05_C#Analytic_Notes)
  * [Codebook](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=473&Dataset=L05_C#Codebook)
    * [SEQN \- Respondent sequence number](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=473&Dataset=L05_C#SEQN)
    * [URXUCL \- Urinary Chlamydia](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=473&Dataset=L05_C#URXUCL)
    * [URXUGC \- Urinary Gonorrhea](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=473&Dataset=L05_C#URXUGC)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2003-2004 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Chlamydia & Gonorrhea - Urine (L05_C)

####  Data File: L05_C.xpt

##### First Published: January 2006

##### Last Revised: June 2007

## Component Description

Sexually transmitted infections caused by Chlamydia trachomatis may lead to
pelvic inflammatory disease, ectopic pregnancy, infertility, and chronic
pelvic pain in women. They are associated with increased risk of HIV
transmission. Pregnant women may transmit infection to their newborn causing
serious medical complications. At present there are no reliable estimates on
the prevalence of chlamydial and gonococcal infection in the general
population of the United States.

NHANES offers an opportunity to assess the prevalence of chlamydia and
gonococcal infection in the general population and to monitor trends in
prevalence as prevention programs are established and expanded.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 14-39 years were tested. The public data file includes data
for persons 18-39 years of age. Please see _Analytic Notes  _about the release
of data for adolescents 14-17 years of age.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Urinary Chlamydia and Urinary Gonorrhea**

The BDProbeTec CT Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria gonorrhoeae Amplified
DNA Assays are based on the simultaneous amplification and detection of target
DNA using amplification primers and a fluorescent labeled detector probe. The
Strand Displacement Amplification (SDA) reagents are dried in two separate
disposable microwell strips. The processed sample is added to the Priming
Microwell which contains the amplification primers, fluorescent labeled
detector probe, and other reagents necessary for amplification. After
incubation, the reaction mixture is transferred to the Amplification
Microwell, which contains two enzymes (a DNA polymerase and a restriction
endonuclease) necessary for SDA. The Amplification Microwells are sealed to
prevent contamination and then incubated in a thermally controlled fluorescent
reader which monitors each reaction for the generation of amplified products.
The presence or absence of C. trachomatis and N. gonorrhoeae is determined by
relating the BDProbeTec ET MOTA (Method Other Than Acceleration) scores for
the sample to pre-determined cutoff values. The MOTA score is a metric used to
assess the magnitude of signal generated as a result of the reaction.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

## Data Processing and Editing

Urine specimens were processed, stored and shipped to the Division of STD
Prevention Laboratory, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD, and
TB Prevention, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for
analysis. Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are
discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual
(LPM). Read the LABDOC file for detailed data processing and editing
protocols. The analytical methods are described in the Description of the
Laboratory Methodology section.

## Analytic Notes

The public release data file includes urinary chlamydia and gonorrhea data for
participants aged 18–39. Data for youth aged 14–17 years are available
through the [NCHS Research Data Center (RDC)](https://www.cdc.gov/rdc/).

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 39 YEARS

### URXUCL - Urinary Chlamydia

Variable Name:

    URXUCL
SAS Label:

    Urinary Chlamydia
English Text:

    Chlamydia, urine
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 39 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 67 | 67 |   
2 | Negative | 2061 | 2128 |   
3 | Indeterminate | 0 | 2128 |   
. | Missing | 89 | 2217 |   
  
### URXUGC - Urinary Gonorrhea

Variable Name:

    URXUGC
SAS Label:

    Urinary Gonorrhea
English Text:

    Urinary Gonorrhea
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 39 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 16 | 16 |   
2 | Negative | 2112 | 2128 |   
3 | Indeterminate | 0 | 2128 |   
. | Missing | 89 | 2217 | 

