

### Table of Contents

  * [Component Description](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=541&Dataset=L05_B#Component_Description)
  * [Eligible Sample](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=541&Dataset=L05_B#Eligible_Sample)
  * [Description of Laboratory Methodology](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=541&Dataset=L05_B#Description_of_Laboratory_Methodology)
  * [Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=541&Dataset=L05_B#Laboratory_Quality_Assurance_and_Monitoring)
  * [Data Processing and Editing](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=541&Dataset=L05_B#Data_Processing_and_Editing)
  * [Analytic Notes](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=541&Dataset=L05_B#Analytic_Notes)
  * [Codebook](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=541&Dataset=L05_B#Codebook)
    * [SEQN \- Respondent sequence number](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=541&Dataset=L05_B#SEQN)
    * [URXUGC \- Gonorrhea, urine](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=541&Dataset=L05_B#URXUGC)
    * [URXUCL \- Chlamydia, urine](http://adp-dhanes/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=541&Dataset=L05_B#URXUCL)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2001-2002 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Chlamydia & Gonorrhea - Urine (L05_B)

####  Data File: L05_B.xpt

##### First Published: May 2004

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

**Urinary chlamydia and Urinary gonorrhea**

Sexually transmitted infections caused by Chlamydia trachomatis and Neisseria
gonorrhoeae may lead to pelvic inflammatory disease, ectopic pregnancy,
infertility, and chronic pelvic pain in women. They are associated with
increased risk of HIV transmission. Pregnant women may transmit infection to
their newborn causing serious medical complications. At present there are no
reliable estimates on the prevalence of chlamydial and gonococcal infection in
the general population of the United States.

NHANES offers an opportunity to assess the prevalence of chlamydia and
gonococcal infection in the general population and to monitor trends in
prevalence as prevention programs are established and expanded.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 14 to 39 years were tested. The public data file includes
data for persons 18-39 years of age. Please see _Analytic Notes  _about the
release of data for adolescents 14-17 years of age.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Urinary chlamydia**

The _Chlamydia trachomatis_ assay uses LCR TM (ligase chain reaction)
amplification technology in the LCx Probe System for the direct, qualitative
detection of plasmid DNA of _Chlamydia trachomatis_.  
The LCx _Chlamydia trachomatis_ assay uses the nucleic acid amplication method
LCR to detect the presence of _C. trachomatis_ plasmid DNA directly in
clinical specimens.

The four oligonucleotide probes in the LCx assay recognize and hybridize to a
specific target sequence within the _C. trachomatis_ plasmid DNA. The
oligonuleotides are designed to be complementary to the target sequence so
that in the presence of target, the probes will bind adjacent to one another.
They can then be enzymatically joined to form the amplification product, which
subsequently serves as an additional target sequence during further rounds of
amplication. The product of the LCR reaction is detected on the Abbott LCx
analyzer.

**Urinary gonorrhea**

The Neisseria gonorrhoeae assay uses LCR TM (ligase chain reaction)
amplification technology in the LCx Probe System for the direct, qualitative
detection of a specific target nucleic acid sequence in the Opa gene of
_Neisseria gonorrhoeae_.

The LCx _Neisseria gonorrhoeae_ assay uses the nucleic acid amplication method
LCR to detect the presence of _Neisseria gonorrhoeae_. The four
oligonucleotide probes in the LCx assay recognize and hybridize to a specific
target sequence within the Opa gene of _Neisseria gonorrhoeae_ DNA. The
oligonuleotides are designed to be complementary to the target sequence so
that in the presence of target, the probes will bind adjacent to one another.
They can then be enzymatically joined to form the amplification product which
subsequently serves as an additional target sequence during further rounds of
amplication. The product of the LCR reaction is detected on the Abbott LCx
analyzer.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

## Data Processing and Editing

Urine specimens were processed, stored and shipped to the Division of STD
Prevention Laboratory, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD and
TB Prevention, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for
analysis. Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are
discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual
(LPM). Read the LABDOC file for detailed data processing and editing
protocols. The analytical methods are described in the Description of the
Laboratory Methodology section.

## Analytic Notes

The public release data file includes urinary chlamydia and gonorrhea data for
participants aged 18–39. Data for youth aged 14–17 years are available
through the [NCHS Research Data Center (RDC)](https://www.cdc.gov/rdc/).

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 39 YEARS

### URXUGC - Gonorrhea, urine

Variable Name:

    URXUGC
SAS Label:

    Gonorrhea, urine
English Text:

    Gonorrhea, urine
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 39 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 10 | 10 |   
2 | Negative | 2305 | 2315 |   
3 | Indeterminate | 0 | 2315 |   
. | Missing | 93 | 2408 |   
  
### URXUCL - Chlamydia, urine

Variable Name:

    URXUCL
SAS Label:

    Chlamydia, urine
English Text:

    Chlamydia, urine
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 39 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 67 | 67 |   
2 | Negative | 2248 | 2315 |   
3 | Indeterminate | 0 | 2315 |   
. | Missing | 93 | 2408 | 

