ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXBCD - Cadmium (ug/L)
    * LBDBCDSI - Cadmium (nmol/L)
    * LBXBPB - Lead (ug/dL)
    * LBDBPBSI - Lead (umol/L)
    * LBXRBF - Folate, RBC (ng/mL RBC)
    * LBDRBFSI - Folate, RBC (nmol/L RBC)
    * LBXTHG - Mercury, total (ug/L)
    * LBDTHGSI - Mercury, total (umol/L)
    * LBXIHG - Mercury, inorganic (ug/L)
    * LBDIHGSI - Mercury, inorganic (umol/L)
    * LBDHCY - Homocysteine (umol/L)
    * LBXFER - Ferritin (ng/mL)
    * LBDFERSI - Ferritin (ug/L)
    * LBXB12 - Vitamin B12, serum (pg/mL)
    * LBDB12SI - Vitamin B12, serum (pmol/L)
    * LBXFOL - Folate, serum (ng/mL)
    * LBDFOLSI - Folate, serum (nmol/L)
    * LBXMMA - Methylmalonic acid (umol/L)
    * LBXCOT - Cotinine (ng/mL)
    * LBDCOTLC - Cotinine comment code
    * URXUHG - Mercury, urine (ng/mL)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2001-2002 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Cadmium, Lead, Mercury, Cotinine & Nutritional Biochemistries (L06_B)

####  Data File: L06_B.xpt

#####  First Published: December 2005

#####  Last Revised: May 2007

## Component Description

**Lead**

Lead is a known environmental toxin that has been shown to deleteriously
affect the nervous, hematopoietic, endocrine, renal and reproductive systems.
In young children, lead exposure is a particular hazard because children more
readily absorb lead than do adults, and children's developing nervous systems
also make them more susceptible to the effects of lead. The primary sources of
exposure for children are lead-laden paint chips and dust as a result of
deteriorating lead-based paint. The risk for lead exposure is
disproportionately higher for children who are poor, non-Hispanic black,
living in large metropolitan areas, or living in older housing. Among adults,
the most common high exposure sources are occupational. Blood lead levels
measured in previous NHANES programs have been the cornerstone of lead
exposure surveillance in the U.S. The data have been used to document the
burden of and dramatic decline of elevated blood lead levels; to promote the
reduction of lead use; and to help to redefine national lead poisoning
prevention guidelines, standards, and abatement activities.

**Cadmium**

Cadmium is performed to identify cases of cadmium toxicity. Occupational
exposure is the most common cause of elevated cadmium levels.

**Total Blood Mercury, Inorganic Mercury, and Urinary Mercury**

Uncertainties exist regarding levels of exposure to methyl mercury from fish
consumption and potential health effects resulting from this exposure. Past
estimates of exposure to methyl mercury has been obtained from results of food
consumption surveys and measures of methyl mercury in fish. Measures of a
biomarker of exposure are needed for improved exposure assessments. Blood
mercury levels will be assessed in two subpopulations particularly vulnerable
to the health effects from mercury exposure: children 1-5 years old and women
of childbearing age. Women of childbearing age will also have a urine mercury
test.  
Blood measures of total and inorganic mercury will be important for evaluation
of exposure from exposure to mercury in interior latex paints.

**RBC folate, Serum folate, Vitamin B12, Ferritin, Homocysteine, and
Methylmalonic Acid**

The objectives of this component are:

  1. to provide data for monitoring secular trends in measures of nutritional status in the U.S. population; 
  2. to evaluate the effect of people's habits and behaviors such as physical activity and the use of alcohol, tobacco, and dietary supplements on people's nutritional status; and 
  3. to evaluate the effect of changes in nutrition and public health policies including welfare reform legislation, food fortification policy, and child nutrition programs on the nutritional status of the U.S. population. 

These data will be used to estimate deficiencies and toxicities of specific
nutrients in the population and subgroups, to provide population reference
data, and to estimate the contribution of diet, supplements, and other factors
to serum levels of nutrients. Data will be used for research to further define
nutrient requirements as well as optimal levels for disease prevention and
health promotion.

**Cotinine**

The specific aims of the component are:

  1. to measure the prevalence and extent of tobacco use; 
  2. to estimate the extent of exposure to environmental tobacco smoke (ETS), and determine trends in exposure to ETS; and 
  3. to describe the relationship between tobacco use (as well as exposure to ETS) and chronic health conditions, including respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. 

The tobacco component for NHANES will include questionnaire items on current
and past use of cigarettes, pipes, cigars and smokeless tobacco. Exposure to
ETS at home and at work and in-utero ETS exposure among children will also be
obtained. ETS exposure will also be assessed for examinees 3 years of age and
older through the measurement of serum cotinine, a metabolite of nicotine. In
addition, use of nicotine replacement products (e.g., gum and patch) will be
collected using questionnaires.

**Urinary Mercury**

Uncertainties exist regarding levels of exposure to methyl mercury from fish
consumption and potential health effects resulting from this exposure. Past
estimates of exposure to methyl mercury has been obtained from results of food
consumption surveys and measures of methyl mercury in fish. Measures of a
biomarker of exposure are needed for improved exposure assessments. Urinary
mercury levels will be assessed in one subpopulation particularly vulnerable
to the health effects from mercury exposure.

## Eligible Sample

**Blood Lead and Cadmium, and Erythrocyte Protoporphyrin**

Participants aged 1 year and older who do not meet any of the exclusion
criteria are eligible.

**RBC folate, Serum folate, Vitamin B12, Homocysteine, Methylmalonic Acid, and
Cotinine**

Participants aged 3 years and older who do not meet any of the exclusion
criteria are eligible.

**Total Blood Mercury and Inorganic Mercury**

Participants aged 1-5 years and females aged 16-49 years who do not meet any
of the exclusion criteria are eligible.

**Urinary Mercury**

Female participants aged 16-49 years are eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Lead and Cadmium**

Cadmium and lead are simultaneously measured in whole blood using adaptations
of the methods of Miller et al. (1987), Parsons et al. (1993), and Stoeppler
et al. (1980). Cadmium and lead quantification is based on the measurement of
light absorbed at 228.8 nm and 283.3 nm, respectively, by ground-state atoms
of cadmium and lead from either an electrodeless discharge lamp (EDL) or
hollow cathode lamp (HCL) source. Human blood (patient or study) samples,
bovine blood quality control pools, and aqueous standards are diluted with a
matrix modifier (nitric acid, Triton X-100, and ammonium phosphate). The
cadmium and lead contents are determined on a PerkinElmer Model SIMAA 6000
simultaneous multi-element atomic absorption spectrometer with Zeeman
background correction.

**Erythrocyte Protoporphyrin**

Free erythrocyte protoporphyrin (FEP) is measured by a modification of the
method of Sassa et al. (1973) Protoporphyrin is extracted from EDTA-whole
blood into a 2:1 (v/v) mixture of ethyl acetate-acetic acid, then back-
extracted into diluted hydrochloric acid. The protoporphyrin in the aqueous
phase is measured fluorometrically at excitation and emission wavelengths of
404 and 658 nm, respectively. Calculations are based on a processed
protoporphyrin IX (free acid) standard curve. After a correction for the
individual hematocrit is made, the final concentration of protoporphyrin in a
specimen is expressed as micrograms per deciliter of packed red blood cells
(μg/dL RBC).

**RBC Folate, Serum Folate, and Vitamin B12**

Both serum folate and vitamin B12 are measured by using the Bio-Rad
Laboratories "Quantaphase II Folate/vitamin B12" radioassay kit (Bio-Rad
Laboratories, 1993). The assay is performed by combining serum or a whole
blood hemolysate sample with 125I-folate and 57Co-vitamin B12 in a solution
containing dithiothreitol (DTT) and cyanide. The mixture is boiled to
inactivate endogenous folate-binding proteins and to convert the various forms
of vitamin B12 to cyanocobalamin. The reduced folate and its analogs are
stabilized by DTT during the heating. The mixture is cooled and then combined
with immobilized affinity-purified porcine intrinsic factor and folate-binding
proteins. The addition of these substances adjusts and buffers the pH of the
reaction mixture to 9.2. The reaction mixture is then incubated for 1 hour at
room temperature.

During incubation, the endogenous and labeled folate and B12 compete for the
limited number of binding sites on the basis of their relative concentrations.
The reaction mixtures are then centrifuged and decanted. Labeled and unlabeled
folate and vitamin B12, binding to immobilized binding proteins, are
concentrated in the bottom of the tube in the form of a pellet. The unbound
folate and B12 in the supernatant are discarded, and the radioactivity
associated with the pellet is counted. Standard curves are prepared by using
the pre-calibrated folate/B12 standards in a human serum albumin base. The
concentration of the folate and vitamin B12 in the participant's serum or
folate in a participant's whole blood is calculated from the standard curve.

In the erythrocyte folate procedure, the sample is first diluted 1:11 with a
solution of 1 g/dL ascorbic acid in water and either incubated for 90 min
prior to assay or frozen immediately for later assay. The 90-minute incubation
or the freeze-thaw is necessary for hemolysis of the red blood cells; either
allows the endogenous folate conjugates to hydrolyze the conjugated
pterylpolyglutamates prior to assay. The sample is further diluted 1:2 with a
protein diluent (human serum albumin), resulting in a matrix similar to that
of the standards and serum samples.

**Ferritin**

Ferritin is measured by using the Bio-Rad Laboratories' "QuantImune Ferritin
IRMA" kit (Bio-Rad Laboratories, 1986), which is a single-incubation two-site
immunoradiometric assay (IRMA) based on the general principles of assays as
described by Addison et al. (1972) and Miles (1977) and modified by Jeong et
al. In this IRMA, which measures the most basic isoferritin, the highly
purified 125I-labeled antibody to ferritin is the tracer, and the ferritin
antibodies are immobilized on polyacrylamide beads as the solid phase. Serum
or ferritin standards (made from human liver) are mixed with the combined
tracer/solid-phase antibody reagent, and the mixture is incubated. During
incubation, both the immobilized and the 125Ilabeled antibodies bind to the
ferritin antigen in the serum or standards, thus creating a "sandwich."

After incubation, the beads are diluted with saline, centrifuged, and
decanted. The level of 125I-labeled ferritin found in the pellets is measured
by using a gamma counter. There is a direct relationship between the
radioactive levels of the pellets and the amount of endogenous ferritin in the
serum or standards, rather than the inverse relationship measured by most
radioimmunoassays (RIAs).

**Homocysteine**

There were two methods used to measure homocysteine in 2001-2002. For NHANES
2001, total homocysteine (tHcy) in plasma was measured by the "Abbott
Homocysteine IMX (HCY) assay", a fully automated fluorescence polarization
immunoassay (FPIA) from Abbott Diagnostics (Abbott Homocysteine (HCY) assay
package insert). For NHANES 2002, total homocysteine (tHcy) in plasma is
measured by the Abbott Axsym system, a fully automated fluorescence
polarization immunoassay (FPIA) from Abbott Diagnostics (Shipchandler, 1995).
Both analyzers are using the same reagent kit, but the Axsym® is a newer
fully-automated model that can measure multiple analytes during one run.

  1. Abbott Homocysteine IMX (HCY) assay (Abbott Diagnostics, Abbott Park, IL) Total homocysteine (tHcy) in plasma is measured by the "Abbott Homocysteine (HCY) assay", a fully automated fluorescence polarization immunoassay (FPIA) from Abbott Diagnostics (Abbott Homocysteine (HCY) assay package insert). In brief, dithiothreitol (DTT) reduces homocysteine bound to albumin and to other small molecules, homocystine, and mixed disulfides, to free thiol. S-adenosyl-homocysteine (SAH) hydrolase catalyzes conversion of homocysteine to SAH in the presence of added adenosine. In the subsequent steps, the specific monoclonal antibody and the fluoresceinated SAH analog tracer constitute the FPIA detection system (Shipchandler, 1995). Plasma total homocysteine concentrations are calculated by the Abbott IMx® using a machine-stored calibration curve. 
  2. Abbott Axsym system (Abbott Diagnostics, Abbott Park, IL). Total homocysteine (tHcy) in plasma is measured by the "Abbott Homocysteine (HCY) assay", a fully automated fluorescence polarization immunoassay (FPIA) from Abbott Diagnostics (Abbott Homocysteine (HCY) assay package insert; Shipchandler, 1995). In brief, dithiothreitol (DTT) reduces homocysteine bound to albumin and to other small molecules, homocysteine, and mixed disulfides, to free thiol. S-adenosyl-homocysteine (SAH) hydrolase catalyzes conversion of homocysteine to SAH in the presence of added adenosine. In the subsequent steps, the specific monoclonal antibody and the fluoresceinated SAH analog tracer constitute the FPIA detection system11. Plasma total homocysteine concentrations were calculated by the Abbott Axsym® using a machine-stored calibration curve (Boushey et al., 1995; Ueland et al., 1993). 

As part of ongoing methods comparisons studies, an international round robin
(Pfeiffer et al., 1999) was conducted in 1998. Results obtained using the FPIA
method described earlier were compared to results obtained using high
performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) with fluorometric detection at 385 nm
excitation and 515 nm emission (Pfeiffer et al., 1995). The international
round robin demonstrated that the FPIA method was fully equivalent to other
frequently used methods (i.e., HPLC-FD, HPLC-ED, and GC/MS). Thus, the Abbott
Homocysteine assay was used as the primary method for determination of plasma
total homocysteine in NHANES 1999-2001\. The HPLC assay was used as a
reference method and was performed on a subset of NHANES 1999-2001 specimens
for continuing method comparison studies.

**Methylmalonic Acid**

Methylmalonic acid (MMA) is extracted from plasma or serum along with an added
internal standard using a commercially available strong anion exchange resin
(Rasmussen et al., 1989). The extracted acid is then derivatized with
cyclohexanol to form a dicyclohexyl ester. The derivatized samples are
injected onto a gas chromatograph for separation from other constituents. The
effluent from the gas chromatograph is monitored with a mass selective
detector using selected ion monitoring. Results are quantitated by internal
calibration using peak area ratios of MMA and the internal standard (d3MMA).

**Cotinine**

Cotinine is a major metabolite of nicotine that may be used as a marker for
both active smoking, and as an index to Environmental Tobacco Smoke (ETS)
exposure, or "passive smoking". Cotinine is generally preferred over nicotine
for such assessments because of its substantially longer half-life. The half-
life of cotinine in plasma has been estimated to be about 15-20 hrs (Jarvis et
al., 1988; Benowitz et al., 1983; Kyerematen et al., 1990); by contrast, the
half-life of nicotine is only 0.5-3 hrs (Jacob et al., 1991; Armitage et
al.,1975). Cotinine may be measured in serum, urine or saliva - the half-life
of cotinine in all three fluids is essentially the same. Cotinine
concentrations tend to be higher (3-8×) in urine than in serum; however, for
studies requiring a quantitative assessment of exposure, plasma or serum is
regarded as the fluid of choice (Watts et al., 1990). Therefore, serum was
chosen for NHANES cotinine analyses.

Serum cotinine is measured by an isotope dilution-high performance liquid
chromatography / atmospheric pressure chemical ionization tandem mass
spectrometry (ID HPLC-APCI MS/MS). Briefly, the serum sample is spiked with
methyl-D3 cotinine as an internal standard, and after an equilibration period,
the sample is applied to a basified solid-phase extraction column. Cotinine is
extracted off the column with methylene chloride, the organic extract is
concentrated, and the residue is injected onto a short, C18 HPLC column. The
eluant from these injections is monitored by APCI-MS/MS, and the m/z 80
daughter ion from the m/z 177 quasi-molecular ion is quantitated, along with
additional ions for the internal standard, external standard, and for
confirmation. Cotinine concentrations are derived from the ratio of native to
labeled cotinine in the sample by comparisons to a standard curve.

**Total Blood Mercury and Inorganic Mercury**

Total mercury in whole blood is measured by flow injection cold vapor atomic
absorption analysis with on-line microwave digestion, based on the method by
T. Guo and J. Bassner (1993). Decomposition of organic mercury compounds in
blood occurs mainly while the sample (mixed with bromate-bromide reagent and
hydrochloric acid) flows through the digestion coil in the microwave. Further
decomposition of organic mercury is achieved by on-line addition of potassium
permanganate. The total (organic + inorganic) mercuric mercury released is
reduced to mercury vapor by sodium tetrahydroborate. The mercury vapor is
measured by the spectrometer at 253.7 nm. Inorganic mercury in whole blood is
measured by using stannous chloride as reductant without employing microwave
digestion system. Mercury vapor (reduced from inorganic mercury compounds) is
measured via the same quartz cell at 253.7 nm. The difference in the total
reduced mercury (by sodium tetrahydroborate) and inorganic reduced mercury (by
stannous chloride) is taken to represent organic mercury in whole blood (Guo
et al., 1993).

Mercury analysis is performed to identify cases of mercury toxicity. Urinary
mercury (total) will also be analyzed on a subset of NHANES subjects using the
PerkinElmer FIMS.

**Urinary Mercury**

Mercury in urine is measured by flow injection cold vapor atomic absorption
analysis, which is based on the method that Guo and Bassner developed.24
Because mercury in urine is found almost entirely in the inorganic form, Guo
and Bassner's method does not use microwave digestion, and decomposition of
mercury compounds is achieved by manually adding mixed bromate-bromide reagent
and concentrated hydrochloric acid (HCl). Further decomposition of mercury
compounds is achieved by adding potassium permanganate online. The mercury
vapor (reduced from inorganic mercury compounds by sodium tetrahydroborate) is
measured by the spectrophotometer at 253.7 nm.

Mercury analysis is performed to identify cases of mercury exposure or
toxicity. The brain and kidneys are the main organs affected by mercury.
Psychic and emotional disturbances are the initial signs of chronic
intoxication by elemental mercury vapor or salts. Paresthesias and neuralgia
may develop. Renal disease, digestive disturbances, and ocular lesions can
also develop. Kidney toxicity is an important consequence of exposure to
mercury salts (Carson et al., 1986).

## Data Processing and Editing

Automated data collection procedures for the survey were introduced in NHANES
1999. In the mobile examination centers (MECs) and analytical laboratories,
data for the laboratory component is recorded directly onto a computerized
data collection form. The system is centrally integrated and it allows for
ongoing monitoring of much of the data. Although the complete blood count and
pregnancy analyses are performed in the MEC laboratory, most analyses are
conducted elsewhere by approximately 28 laboratories across the United States.

Guidelines have been developed that provide standards for naming variables,
filling missing values, and handling missing records. NCHS staff, assisted by
contract staff, has developed data-editing specifications that check data sets
for valid codes, ranges, and skip pattern consistencies and examine the
consistency of values between interrelated variables. Comments have been
reviewed and recoded. NCHS staff verifies extremely high and low values
whenever possible, and numerous consistency checks are performed. Nonetheless,
users should examine the range and frequency of values before analyzing data.

For laboratory tests with a lower detection limit, results below the lower
detection limit are replaced with a value equal to the detection limit divided
by the square root of two. This value has been created to help the user
distinguish a nondetectable laboratory test result from a measured laboratory
test result.

The detection limits in each two year cycle from 1999 to 2002 has changed. For
1999-2000 the detection limit was .05 and the below the limit of detection
value was .035. For 2001-2002 there were two detection limits and below the
limit of detection values. One of the detection limits was .05 and the below
the limit of detection value was .035. The other detection limit was .015 and
the below the limit of detection value was .011.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Serum and urine specimens are processed, stored, and shipped to the Division
of Environmental Health Laboratory Sciences, National Center for Environmental
Health, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for analysis.

Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are discussed in the
NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Vials are
stored under appropriate frozen (-20°C) conditions until they are shipped to
National Center for Environmental Health for testing.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 1999-2001 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 1999-2001
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. The Household Questionnaire Data Files also contain all survey
design variables and sample weights required to analyze these data. The
Phlebotomy Examination file includes auxiliary information on duration of
fasting, the time of day of the venipuncture, and the conditions precluding
venipuncture. The Household Questionnaire and Phlebotomy Exam files may be
linked to the laboratory data file using the unique survey participant
identifier SEQN.

**Homocysteine Method Change in 2002**

The Homocysteine method was changed in 2002 from the Abbott IMX to the Abbott
AxSym method. A crossover study was performed between the two methods that
showed an excellent correlation (n=361, r**2 = 0.9817). The IMX values were
converted to AxSym equivalent values prior to release of the data to avoid
disclosure risks. See the 2003-2004 Homocysteine documentation for the
regression equation between the IMX and the AxSym.

**Detection limits**

The detection limit was variable for the analyte in the data set. Two
variables are provided for the analyte. The variable named LBDCOTLC indicates
whether the results were below the limit of detection. There are two values:
"0" and "1"; "1" indicates that the result was below the limit of detection.
The other variable named LBXCOT provides the analytic result for that analyte.
In cases, where the result was below the limit of detection, the value for
that variable is the detection limit divided by the square root of two.

## References

  * Abbott Homocysteine (HCY) assay package insert.
  * Addison G, Beamish M, Hales C, et al. An immunoradiometric assay for ferritin in the serum of normal patients and patients with iron deficiency and iron overload. J Clin Path. 1972;25:326.
  * Armitage AK, Dollery CT, George CF, Houseman TH, Lewis PJ, Turner DM. Absorption and metabolism of nicotine from cigarettes. Br Med J. 1975;4:313-316.
  * Benowitz NL, Kuyt F, Jacob P, Jones RT, Osman A-L. Cotinine disposition and effects. Clin Pharmacol Ther. 1983;34:604-611.
  * Boushey CJ, Beresford SAA, Omenn GS, Motulsky AG. A quantitative assessment of plasma homocysteine as a risk factor for vascular disease. JAMA 1995;274:1049-57.
  * Carson BL, Ellis HV III, McCann JL. Toxicology and biological monitoring of metals in humans. Chelsea (MI): Lewis Publishers, Inc.; 1986, p.130.
  * Guo T, Baasner J. Determination of mercury by flow-injection cold vapor atomic absorption spectrometry. Analytica Chimica Acta. 1993;278:189-196.
  * Instruction Manual, Bio-Rad Quantaphase II Folate Radioassay Kit. Bio-Rad Laboratories, Hercules, CA: Bio-Rad Laboratories, 1993.
  * Instruction Manual, Bio-Rad QuantImune Ferritin IRMA. Hercules (CA): Bio-Rad Laboratories, 1986.
  * Jacob P, Yu L, Wilson M, Benowitz NL. Selected ion monitoring method for determination of nicotine, cotinine and deuterium-labeled analogs: Absence of an isotope effect in the clearance of (S)-nicotine-3',3'-d2 in humans. Biol Mass Spec. 1991;20:247-252.
  * Jarvis MJ, Russell MAH, Benowitz NL, Feyerabend C. Elimination of cotinine from body fluids: Implications for noninvasive measurement of tobacco smoke exposure. Am J Public Health. 1988;78:696-698.
  * Jeong H, Blackmore J, Lewin N. Ferritin immunoradiometric assay, U.S. Patent No. 4,244,940.
  * Kyerematen GA, Morgan ML, Chattopadhyay B, deBethizy JD, Vesell ES. Disposition of nicotine and eight metabolites in smokers and nonsmokers: Identification of two metabolites that are longer lived than cotinine. Clin Pharmacol Ther. 1990;48:641-651.
  * Miles L. Measurement of serum ferritin by a 2-site immunoradiometric assay. In: Handbook of Radioimmunoassay (Abraham, G, ed.). New York: Marcel Dekker, Inc., 1977, Chapter 4.
  * Miller DT, Paschal DC, Gunter EW, Stroud PE, D'Angelo J. Determination of blood lead with electrothermal atomic absorption using a L'vov platform and matrix modifier. Analyst. 1987;112:1701-1704.
  * Parsons PJ, Slavin W. A rapid Zeeman graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometric method for the determination of lead in blood. Spectrochimica Acta. 1993;48B (No. 6/7):925-939.
  * Pfeiffer CM, Huff DL, Gunter EW. Rapid and accurate HPLC assay for total homocysteine and cysteine in a clinical laboratory setting. Clin Chem. 1999;45:290-292.
  * Pfeiffer CM, Huff DL, Smith SJ, Miller DT, Gunter EW. Comparison of plasma total homocysteine measurements in 14 laboratories: an international study. Clin Chem. 1999;45(8 Pt 1):1261-1268.
  * Rasmussen K. Solid-phase sample extraction for rapid determination of methylmalonic acid in serum and urine by a stable-isotope-dilution method. Clin Chem. 1989;35(2):260-264.
  * Sassa S, Granick JL, Granick S, Kappas A, Levere RD. Microanalyses of erythrocyte protoporphyrin levels by spectrophotometry in the detection of chronic lead intoxication in the subclinical range. Biochem Med. 1973;8:135-148.
  * Shipchandler, MT, Moore EG. Rapid, fully automated measurement of plasma homocysteine with the Abbott IMx® analyzer. Clin Chem. 1995;41(7):991-994.
  * Stoeppler, M, Brandt, K. Determination of cadmium in whole blood and urine by electrothermal atomic-absorption spectrophotometry. Fresenius Z. Anal. Chem. 1980;300:372-380.
  * Ueland PM, Refsum H, Stabler SP, Malinow MR, Andersson A, Allen RH. Total homocysteine in plasma and serum: methods and clinical applications. Clin Chem 1993;39(9):1764-79.
  * Watts RR, Langone JJ, Knight GJ, Lewtas J. Cotinine analytical workshop report: Consideration of analytical methods for determining cotinine in human body fluids as a measure of passive exposure to tobacco smoke. Env Health Perspec. 1990;84:173.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXBCD - Cadmium (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXBCD
SAS Label:

    Cadmium (ug/L)
English Text:

    Cadmium (ug/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.2 to 7.4 | Range of Values | 8945 | 8945 |   
. | Missing | 984 | 9929 |   
  
### LBDBCDSI - Cadmium (nmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDBCDSI
SAS Label:

    Cadmium (nmol/L)
English Text:

    Cadmium (nmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.78 to 65.84 | Range of Values | 8945 | 8945 |   
. | Missing | 984 | 9929 |   
  
### LBXBPB - Lead (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXBPB
SAS Label:

    Lead (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Lead (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.2 to 48 | Range of Values | 8945 | 8945 |   
. | Missing | 984 | 9929 |   
  
### LBDBPBSI - Lead (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDBPBSI
SAS Label:

    Lead (umol/L)
English Text:

    Lead (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.01 to 2.318 | Range of Values | 8945 | 8945 |   
. | Missing | 984 | 9929 |   
  
### LBXRBF - Folate, RBC (ng/mL RBC)

Variable Name:

    LBXRBF
SAS Label:

    Folate, RBC (ng/mL RBC)
English Text:

    Folate, RBC (ng/mL RBC)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
50 to 2263 | Range of Values | 8488 | 8488 |   
. | Missing | 1441 | 9929 |   
  
### LBDRBFSI - Folate, RBC (nmol/L RBC)

Variable Name:

    LBDRBFSI
SAS Label:

    Folate, RBC (nmol/L RBC)
English Text:

    Folate, RBC (nmol/L RBC)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
113.3 to 5125.7 | Range of Values | 8488 | 8488 |   
. | Missing | 1441 | 9929 |   
  
### LBXTHG - Mercury, total (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXTHG
SAS Label:

    Mercury, total (ug/L)
English Text:

    Mercury, total (ug/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 5 YEARS
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.07 to 27.4 | Range of Values | 2800 | 2800 |   
. | Missing | 7129 | 9929 |   
  
### LBDTHGSI - Mercury, total (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDTHGSI
SAS Label:

    Mercury, total (umol/L)
English Text:

    Mercury, total (umol/L)
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.35 to 136.73 | Range of Values | 2800 | 2800 |   
. | Missing | 7129 | 9929 |   
  
### LBXIHG - Mercury, inorganic (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXIHG
SAS Label:

    Mercury, inorganic (ug/L)
English Text:

    Mercury, inorganic (ug/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 5 YEARS
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.28 to 11.6 | Range of Values | 2745 | 2745 |   
. | Missing | 7184 | 9929 |   
  
### LBDIHGSI - Mercury, inorganic (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDIHGSI
SAS Label:

    Mercury, inorganic (umol/L)
English Text:

    Mercury, inorganic (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 5 YEARS
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.4 to 57.88 | Range of Values | 2745 | 2745 |   
. | Missing | 7184 | 9929 |   
  
### LBDHCY - Homocysteine (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDHCY
SAS Label:

    Homocysteine (umol/L)
English Text:

    Homocysteine(umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.65 to 123.19 | Range of Values | 8472 | 8472 |   
. | Missing | 1457 | 9929 |   
  
### LBXFER - Ferritin (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXFER
SAS Label:

    Ferritin (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Ferritin (ng/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 3234 | Range of Values | 8807 | 8807 |   
. | Missing | 1122 | 9929 |   
  
### LBDFERSI - Ferritin (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDFERSI
SAS Label:

    Ferritin (ug/L)
English Text:

    Ferritin (ug/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 3234 | Range of Values | 8807 | 8807 |   
. | Missing | 1122 | 9929 |   
  
### LBXB12 - Vitamin B12, serum (pg/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXB12
SAS Label:

    Vitamin B12, serum (pg/mL)
English Text:

    Vitamin B12, serum (pg/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
37 to 240599 | Range of Values | 8390 | 8390 |   
. | Missing | 1539 | 9929 |   
  
### LBDB12SI - Vitamin B12, serum (pmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDB12SI
SAS Label:

    Vitamin B12, serum (pmol/L)
English Text:

    Vitamin B12, serum (pmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
27.31 to 177562.06 | Range of Values | 8390 | 8390 |   
. | Missing | 1539 | 9929 |   
  
### LBXFOL - Folate, serum (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXFOL
SAS Label:

    Folate, serum (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Folate, serum (ng/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.1 to 275 | Range of Values | 8386 | 8386 |   
. | Missing | 1543 | 9929 |   
  
### LBDFOLSI - Folate, serum (nmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDFOLSI
SAS Label:

    Folate, serum (nmol/L)
English Text:

    Folate, serum (nmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.5 to 622.9 | Range of Values | 8386 | 8386 |   
. | Missing | 1543 | 9929 |   
  
### LBXMMA - Methylmalonic acid (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXMMA
SAS Label:

    Methylmalonic acid (umol/L)
English Text:

    Methylmalonic acid (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.04 to 7.59 | Range of Values | 8451 | 8451 |   
. | Missing | 1478 | 9929 |   
  
### LBXCOT - Cotinine (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXCOT
SAS Label:

    Cotinine (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Cotinine (ng/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.011 to 1149 | Range of Values | 8299 | 8299 |   
. | Missing | 1630 | 9929 |   
  
### LBDCOTLC - Cotinine comment code

Variable Name:

    LBDCOTLC
SAS Label:

    Cotinine comment code
English Text:

    Cotinine comment code 
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 | detectable result | 6427 | 6427 |   
1 | below detectable limit | 1872 | 8299 |   
. | Missing | 1630 | 9929 |   
  
### URXUHG - Mercury, urine (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    URXUHG
SAS Label:

    Mercury, urine (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Mercury, urine (ng/mL) 
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.1 to 61.04 | Range of Values | 1960 | 1960 |   
. | Missing | 7969 | 9929 | 

