ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXGH - Glycohemoglobin (%)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2003-2004 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Glycohemoglobin (L10_C)

####  Data File: L10_C.xpt

#####  First Published: April 2006

#####  Last Revised: March 2012

#####  Note: : See Analytic Notes section for analysis of Hemoglobin A1c
(Glycohemoglobin) data for 1999-2010.

## Component Description

Diabetes mellitus will be assessed by measures of blood glycohemoglobin,
plasma glucose, serum insulin, and serum c-peptide in participants aged 12
years and over.

Glycohemoglobin measures are available for a full sample. Measures of blood
glycohemoglobin, plasma glucose, serum insulin, and serum c-peptide in the
morning examination session only can be found in the Lab10AM data file.

Diabetes is a leading cause of disease and death in the United States. Eight
million Americans are known to have diabetes, and an equal number have
undiagnosed diabetes. In 1993, nearly 18 percent of all deaths for persons
over the age of 25 were among people with diabetes. The prevalence of diabetes
and overweight (one of the major risk factors for diabetes) continue to
increase. Substantial new efforts to prevent or control diabetes have begun,
including the Diabetes Prevention Trial and the National Diabetes Education
Program.

Information on the prevalence of diabetes disease, especially in its early
stages, and associated risk factors will be used to help develop early
intervention and prevention programs for the disabling consequences of this
condition. Specifically, the diabetes disease examination will provide
population data to:

  1. determine a national estimate of diabetes disease prevalence (diagnosed and undiagnosed), including those at high risk for the late complications of the disease (i.e., ulceration and amputation); 
  2. identify the risk factors of diabetes disease; 
  3. permit a national cohort to be established for follow-up studies of this condition; and 
  4. provide critical information to clinicians and public health officials for the development of preventive care and community-based interventions.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 12 years and older were tested.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Glycohemoglobin**

Glycated proteins differ from non-glycated proteins by the attachment of a
sugar moiety(s) at various binding sites by means of a ketoamine bond.
Glycohemoglobin (GHb) thus contains 1,2-cis-diol groups not found in non-
glycated proteins. These diol groups provide the basis for separation of
glycated and non-glycated components by boronate affinity chromatography
11a,11b,11c. In this analytical technique, a boronate such as phenylboronic
acid is bonded to the surface of the column support. When a solution of
proteins (e.g. hemolysate) is passed through the column, the glycated
component is retained by the complexing of its diol groups with the boronate.
After the unretained non-glycated component elutes from the column, the
glycated component is eluted from the column with a reagent that displaces it
from the boronate.

The Primus instrument is a fully automated glycohemoglobin analyzer, which
utilizes the principle of boronate affinity high performance liquid
chromatography (HPLC)P 11dP. The analytical column contains aminophenylboronic
acid bonded to a porous polymer support (gel). The low- and high-pressure
pumps transfer reagents through the analytical column, with reagent selection
executed by a switching valve. Hemolyzed samples are automatically injected
onto the column during the flow of A-Elution Reagent #1. The glycated
component binds to the boronate, while the non-glycated component passes
through the column to the spectrophotometric detector, where it is detected at
wavelength of 413-±2 nm. After the elution of non-glycated component, the
Primus instrument pumps B-Elution Reagent #2, which displaces the glycated
component from the column. The glycated component then passes through the
detector. In the final stage of each sample cycle, the column is re-
equilibrated with Elution A-Reagent #1. All reagent selection occurs in a
timed sequence designed to allow complete elution of non-glycated and glycated
components.

Microprocessors (Model CLC330) or the PC computer (Model CLC385) control all
functions in the liquid chromatograph and computing integrator. The signal
from the spectrophotometric detector is processed and the concentration of
glycohemoglobin is calculated as a percentage of the total detected.
Integration is by peak area in millivolt-seconds. The chromatogram is plotted
first as the signal is received by the detector. The raw % glycohemoglobin is
calculated when glycated hemoglobin peak area is divided by the total
hemoglobin peak area. Primus HPLC uses two point calibrators with HbA1c
assigned values to obtain a final standardized glycohemoglobin. The Schiff
base does not interfere with boronate affinity method. The report is then
printed with the sample information, raw Glycohemoglobin and standardized
Glycohemoglobin results.

A detailed description of the laboratory method used can be found at NHANES
web page.



## Data Processing and Editing

Blood specimens were processed, stored and shipped to University of Missouri-
Columbia, Columbia, Missouri for analysis. Detailed specimen collection and
processing instructions are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical
Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file for detailed data
processing and editing protocols. The analytical methods are described in the
Description of the Laboratory Methodology section.

There were no top coding or derived variables in this file.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing can be found on
the NHANES website.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the UNHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM)U. Read the LABDOC
file for detailed QA/QC protocols.

There were no changes to the equipment, lab method, or lab site from the
previous 2 years.

A detailed description of the quality assurance and quality control procedures
can be found on the NHANES website.

## Analytic Notes

**Analytic note for analysis of Hemoglobin A1c (Glycohemoglobin) data for
1999-2010:**

**Removal of cross-over regression to compare Hemoglobin A1c data from
2005-2006 to 2003-2004:  
The recommendation to use the Hemoglobin A1c (Glycohemoglobin) cross-over
study regression equation to compare 2005-2006 (GHB_D) data to 2003-2004
(GHB_C) data has been withdrawn. Analyses of Hemoglobin A1c, including trend
analysis, should use the original data without the use of the cross-over
regression. A **correction**to the documentation for 2005-2006 (GHB_D)
removing this cross-over regression equation was posted on the NHANES web site
in November 2011.  
  
****Re-Release of 2007-2010 Hemoglobin A1c data:  
  
Hemoglobin A1c results for 2007-2008 (GHB_E) and 2009-2010 (GHB_F) were
temporarily withdrawn in November 2011 to evaluate a shift to the right
(increased values) in the distribution of Hemoglobin A1c in 2007-2010 compared
to 1999-2006. After careful evaluation of participant data, laboratory quality
control data and non-NHANES A1c studies, a cause for this shift in the
distribution of Hemoglobin A1c could not be identified. Therefore, the
Hemoglobin A1c data for 2007-2008 (GHB_E) and 2009-2010 (GHB_F) were re-
released in March 2012 without changes to the data. The user will need to
carefully consider the information presented in this analytic note when
analyzing Hemoglobin A1c data from 1999-2010.  
**

****  Background:  
  
Hemoglobin A1c (glycohemoglobin), a diabetes test that reflects plasma glucose
for the previous 120 days, has been used to monitor diabetes for many years.
In recent years, new clinical recommendations included applying hemoglobin A1c
to the diagnoses of diabetes (6.5% or greater) and pre-diabetes (5.7%-6.4%)
[Summary of revisions for the 2010 clinical practice recommendations. Diabetes
Care 2010;33 Suppl 1:S3. PubMed PMID: 20042773; PubMed Central PMCID:
PMC2797388].  
  
In October 2011, an increase in the proportion of Hemoglobin A1c between
5.7-6.4% was noted in NHANES 2007-2010 compared to 1999-2006. Any minimal
increase in Hemoglobin A1c would result in a notable increase in the
proportion of Hemoglobin A1c between 5.7-6.4% since the lower cut-point (5.7%)
is close to the middle of the Hemoglobin A1c distribution for NHANES
participants. This increase in Hemoglobin A1c between 5.7-6.4% and the shift
to the right (increased values) in the distribution of A1c for 2007-2010 led
to a re-evaluation of the previously released NHANES A1c data. The evaluation
of trends in NHANES A1c data included the assessment of laboratory instrument
changes using cross-over studies, a review of participant Hemoglobin A1c data
trends which occurred during NHANES 1999-2010, assessment of internal
laboratory quality controls, and examination of external laboratory quality
controls such as data from the National Glycohemoglobin Standardization
Program (NGSP).  
  
During 1999-2010, there were three Hemoglobin A1c laboratory instruments and
two laboratories used in NHANES. Hemoglobin A1c was performed in the first
laboratory on the Primus CLC330 (from 1999-2004) and then in the second
laboratory on the Tosoh A1C 2.2 Plus (from 2005-2006). From 2007-2010,
Hemoglobin A1c was performed in the second laboratory on the Tosoh A1C G7.
Laboratory method cross-over studies were conducted at the time of each of the
laboratory instrument changes. Both laboratories analyzing NHANES Hemoglobin
A1c data from 1999-2010 were standardized by participating in the NGSP.  
  
It was determined that the Hemoglobin A1c cross-over study regression equation
to compare NHANES 2005-2006 data to 2003-2004 data resulted in an over-
correction of the data and should not be used. The reason for withdrawing this
cross-over regression was that the laboratories performing the Hemoglobin A1c
were standardized (harmonized) using the NGSP and the laboratories
demonstrated acceptable analytical performance using NGSP criteria for bias
and imprecision. A correction to the documentation for 2005-2006 (GHB_D) was
posted on the NHANES web site in November 2011. If this 2003-2006 cross-over
study regression equation correction was used for A1c analyses, a review of
any previous analyses should be performed without this cross-over regression
equation to assess if there are any significant changes to the findings.  
  
The distributional changes to Hemoglobin A1c between 1999-2006 and 2007-2010
persisted when the cross-over regression between 2003-2004 and 2005-2006 was
not used. This change in A1c distributions resulted in higher estimates of the
proportion of A1c greater than or equal to 5.7%. From 2005-2006 to 2007-2008,
the age-adjusted weighted proportion of A1c between 5.7-6.4% in participants
18 years and older increased from 15.3 to 21.7%. Also, the proportion of A1c
greater than or equal to 6.5% increased from 5.8 to 7.3% from 2005-2006 to
2007-2008.  
  
The age-adjusted weighted Hemoglobin A1c (%) distribution for participants 18
years and older was the following:

Percentiles Years | n | Mean | 5th | 25th | 50th | 75th | 95th  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1999-2000 | 4711 | 5.38 | 4.6 | 5 | 5.2 | 5.5 | 6.8  
2001-2002 | 5297 | 5.47 | 4.8 | 5.1 | 5.3 | 5.5 | 6.7  
2003-2004 | 5048 | 5.48 | 4.8 | 5.1 | 5.3 | 5.6 | 6.7  
2005-2006 | 5022 | 5.44 | 4.6 | 5 | 5.3 | 5.6 | 6.6  
2007-2008 | 5610 | 5.58 | 4.8 | 5.2 | 5.4 | 5.7 | 6.9  
2009-2010 | 6029 | 5.62 | 4.8 | 5.2 | 5.5 | 5.8 | 6.9  
  
  



On 11/04/2011, Hemoglobin A1c data for NHANES 2007-2008 (GHB_E) and 2009-2010
(GHB_F) were temporarily withdrawn from the public data release in order to
further evaluate the possible reason for the increased Hemoglobin A1c.  
  
Participant data for Hemoglobin A1c from 1999-2010 were then reviewed to
determine if survey design changes were the reason for the increase of A1c in
2007-2010. Unweighted and weighted analyses of Hemoglobin A1c by specific age
groups, gender, race/ethnic and body mass index (BMI) categories showed shifts
to the right (increased values) between 1999-2006 compared with 2007-2010 in
the Hemoglobin A1c distribution, and increases in the proportion of A1c
between 5.7-6.4%. This change in the A1c distribution was seen in most
subgroups which suggested a possible laboratory method etiology and not a
survey design issue. The change in the A1c distribution from 2005-2006 to
2007-2008 included subgroups such as participants with normal BMI and younger
participants, where increases in Hemoglobin A1c values would not be expected
over a relatively short time. In addition, the participant trends in fasting
plasma glucose (FPG) and 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) data were
examined to see if they correlated with increased trends in Hemoglobin A1c.
The NHANES FPG (2005-2010) and OGTT (2005-2010) were relatively stable and did
not show the same magnitude of increase in 2007-2010 as Hemoglobin A1c, and
would possibly suggest that the increase in Hemoglobin A1c was a laboratory
method issue.  
  
Internal and external laboratory quality controls were evaluated to determine
if laboratory method changes were the reason for the increased Hemoglobin A1c.
These included evaluation of the internal "bench" quality controls for
imprecision. For 2007-2010, the internal quality control coefficients of
variation ranged from 1.2-1.5% for Hemoglobin A1c concentration range of
5.3-5.4%. The laboratories performing NHANES Hemoglobin A1c from 1999-2010
participated in the NGSP, an external standardization program that certifies
the laboratories for bias and precision for Hemoglobin A1c. The NGSP sends to
each laboratory monthly a set of 10 whole blood specimens (Hemoglobin A1c
range from 4-10%) and the specimens are analyzed in singlet for 2 days. The
NSGP laboratories are compared to a central primary reference lab and to other
similarly certified laboratories. The NGSP criteria for acceptable A1c bias is
+/- 0.35% and the acceptable precision is not to exceed a standard deviation
of 0.229, based on the difference of sample replicates. From 1999-2010, both
NHANES laboratories did not exceed the NGSP Hemoglobin A1c criteria for bias
or precision in any month. For 2007-2010, the NHANES laboratory had an average
yearly A1c bias ranging from -0.10 to +0.02% from the NGSP central primary
reference laboratory (yearly mean A1c ranged from 7.5 to 8.1% for the central
primary reference laboratory). It would be expected that the NGSP bias would
be more positive based on the increased Hemoglobin A1c seen in the NHANES
participant data from 2007-2010. In addition, for 2005-2010, the NHANES
laboratory's bias compared well to other similarly certified NGSP (secondary
reference) laboratories that used other types of Hemoglobin A1c methods.
Another external comparison performed by the NHANES laboratory used in
2005-2010 was the analysis of specimens obtained biannually from the
International Federation of Clinical Chemistry (IFCC). The IFCC laboratory is
used to confirm the "master" equation that relates Hemoglobin A1c values in
the United States to the rest of the world. The NHANES laboratory and the NGSP
central reference laboratory correlated well to the IFCC A1c values. In
conclusion, the NHANES laboratory used from 2005-2010 had acceptable
analytical performance for bias and precision.  
  
A laboratory group from the NGSP system was consulted by NCHS in February 2012
to review the NHANES laboratory and participant Hemoglobin A1c data. The NGSP
group concluded that both NHANES laboratories met NGSP criteria for bias and
precision from 1999-2010. In addition, the EDIC (Epidemiology of Diabetes
Interventions and Complications) study, a longitudinal study of type 1
diabetic persons that had Hemoglobin A1c performed in the same NHANES
laboratory during 2005-2010, was evaluated to see if similar increases in
Hemoglobin A1c occurred. For the EDIC participants in the lower 10th
percentile (similar Hemoglobin A1c values to NHANES), the A1c values were
relatively stable, but the sample size was small (less than 200 participants).
Other laboratory factors including pre-analytical issues (sample collection
and anticoagulants) and commutablility (caused by differences in sample matrix
between participants and laboratory controls) were considered but determined
not likely to contribute to the increase in Hemoglobin A1c seen in 2007-2010.
The NGSP laboratory group felt that the NGSP system currently had insufficient
precision at the lower pre-diabetes cut-point of 5.7% to detect the Hemoglobin
A1c changes seen in NHANES 2005-2010.  
  
In conclusion, the increase in Hemoglobin A1c in 2007-2010 seen in NHANES
participants by age, gender, race/ethnicity and BMI and not seen to the same
magnitude in participant fasting plasma glucose and oral glucose tolerance
test values suggested a possible laboratory method etiology. However, the
laboratory's internal quality control, external NGSP data, and Hemoglobin A1c
data performed for non-NHANES studies during 2007-2010 suggested no laboratory
method issues related to the shift to the right (increased values) of the
Hemoglobin A1c distribution and the proportion of A1c between 5.7-6.4%. In
summary, despite intensive studies to determine the etiology of the A1c trend
increase, it was not possible to determine if laboratory method, survey design
effect or population changes caused the increase in the Hemoglobin A1c.
Therefore, after careful evaluation of participant data and data from the
laboratory performing the Hemoglobin A1c, the Hemoglobin A1c data for
2007-2008 (GHB_E) and 2009-2010 (GHB_F) were re-released in March 2012 without
changes to the data. The user will need to carefully consider the information
presented in this analytic note when analyzing Hemoglobin A1c data from
1999-2010.

The analysis of NHANES 2003-2004 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 2003-2004
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain all survey design variables and sample weights
for these age groups. The phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such
as the conditions precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and
phlebotomy files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier SEQN.

**LBXGH: Glycohemoglobin**

Glycohemoglobin measurements for NHANES 2003-2004 were performed by the
Diabetes Diagnostic Laboratory at the University of Missouri-Columbia using
Primus CLC330 and Primus CLC 385 (Primus Corporation, Kansas City, MO). The
Boronate Affinity High Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC) system
determines total glycohemoglobin by measuring 1,2-cis diol group found in
glycated hemoglobin. The system has been standardized to the reference method
used for the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT). The affinity
chromatographic method has demonstrated excellent, long-term precision
(interassay CV's <3.0%) and is not affected by the presence of hemoglobin
variants S, C, D and elevated HbF. The method is also less sensitive to
hemoglobin degradation due to improper sample handling.

## References

  * Fluckiger R, et al. Quantitation of Glycohemoglobin by boronate affinity chromatography. Diabetes 1984;33:73-6.
  * Gould BJ, et al. A sensitive method for the measurement of glycosylated plasma proteins using affinity chromatography. Ann Clin Biochem 1984;21:16-21.
  * Mallia AK, et al. Preparation and use of a boronic acid affinity support for separation and quantitation of glycosylated hemoglobins. Anal Lett 1981;14:649-61.
  * Primus Corporation Glycated Hemoglobin and Plasma Protein Analyzer Operator's Manual for the Diabetes Care Test Package of the CLC330TM and CLC385TM (Primus Corporation, Kansas City, MO 64110).

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXGH - Glycohemoglobin (%)

Variable Name:

    LBXGH
SAS Label:

    Glycohemoglobin (%)
English Text:

    Glycohemoglobin (%)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3.3 to 18 | Range of Values | 6601 | 6601 |   
. | Missing | 389 | 6990 | 

