ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LB2DAY - Days between the 1st and 2nd exams
    * LB2GH - Glycohemoglobin (%)
    * LB2GLU - Plasma glucose (mg/dL)
    * LB2GLUSI - Plasma glucose: SI(mmol/L)
    * LB2CP - C-peptide: pmol/mL
    * LB2CPSI - C-peptide: SI(nmol/L)
    * LB2IN - Insulin (uU/mL)
    * LB2INSI - Insulin: SI(pmol/L)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2001-2002 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Glycohemoglobin, Plasma Glucose, Serum C-peptide, & Insulin, Second Exam
(L10_2_B)

####  Data File: L10_2_B.xpt

#####  First Published: January 2010

#####  Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

**Second Day Exams**

See the general documentation on Second Day laboratory exams. See the general
documentation on second day laboratory exams. Also, see the documentation for
the primary exam data for Laboratory 10 and 10 AM.

**Glucose, Insulin, C-peptide, and Glycohemoglobin**

Diabetes mellitus was assessed by measures of plasma glucose, serum insulin,
serum C-peptide, and blood glycohemoglobin in participants aged 16-69 years
for a second day exam sample.

Diabetes is a leading cause of disease and death in the United States. Eight
million Americans are known to have diabetes, and an equal number have
undiagnosed diabetes. In 1993, nearly 18 percent of all deaths for persons
over the age of 25 were among people with diabetes. The prevalence of diabetes
and overweight (one of the major risk factors for diabetes) continue to
increase. Substantial new efforts to prevent or control diabetes have begun,
including the Diabetes Prevention Trial and the National Diabetes Education
Program.

Information on the prevalence of diabetes disease, especially in its early
stages, and associated risk factors will be used to help develop early
intervention and prevention programs for the disabling consequences of this
condition. Specifically, the diabetes disease examination will provide
population data to:

  1. determine a national estimate of diabetes disease prevalence (diagnosed and undiagnosed), including those at high risk for the late complications of the disease (i.e., ulceration and amputation); 
  2. identify the risk factors of diabetes disease; 
  3. permit a national cohort to be established for follow-up studies of this condition; and 
  4. provide critical information to clinicians and public health officials for the development of preventive care and community-based interventions.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 16-69 years who do not meet any of the exclusion criteria
are eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Glucose**

The enzyme hexokinase (HK) catalyzes the reaction between glucose and
adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to form glucose-6-phosphate (G-6-P) and adenosine
diphosphate (ADP). In the presence of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD),
G-6-P is oxidized by the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G-6-PD) to
6-phosphogluconate and reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NADH). The
increase in NADH concentration is directly proportional to the glucose
concentration and can be measured spectrophotometrically at 340 nm.

**Insulin**

Insulin radioimmunoassay (RIA) is a double-antibody batch method. Insulin in
the specimen competes with a fixed amount of 125I-labelled insulin for the
binding sites of the specific insulin antibodies. Bound and free insulin are
separated by adding a second antibody, centrifuging, and decanting. The
radioactivity in the pellet is then measured. The radioactivity is inversely
proportional to the quantity of insulin in the specimen.

**C-peptide**

C-peptide radioimmunoassay (RIA) is a competitive assay where 125I-labelled
C-peptide competes with C-peptide in the specimen for antibody sites. Bound
and free C-peptide is separated by adding a second PEG-accelerated double
antibody. The antibody-bound fraction is precipitated and counted. The
radioactivity is inversely proportional to the quantity of insulin in the
specimen.

**Glycohemoglobin**

Glycated proteins differ from non-glycated proteins by the attachment of a
sugar moiety(s) at various binding sites by means of a ketoamine bond.
Glycohemoglobin (GH) thus contains 1,2-cis-diol groups not found in non-
glycated proteins. These diol groups provide the basis for separation of
glycated and non-glycated components by boronate affinity chromatography
Fluckiger et al., 1984; Gould et al., 1984; Mallia et al., 1981). In this
analytical technique, a boronate such as phenylboronic acid is bonded to the
surface of the column support. When a solution of proteins (e.g. hemolysate)
is passed through the column, the glycated component is retained by the
complexing of its diol groups with the boronate. After the unretained non-
glycated component elutes from the column, the glycated component is eluted
from the column with a reagent that displaces it from the boronate.

![diagram of Affinity Binding of a Glycated
Protein](/NCHS/NHANES/2001-2002/L10_2_B/GlycatedProtein.gif)

The Primus instrument is a fully automated glycohemoglobin analyzer, which
utilizes the principle of boronate affinity high performance liquid
chromatography (HPLC) (Primus Corporation). The analytical column contains
aminophenylboronic acid bonded to a porous polymer support (gel). The low- and
high-pressure pumps transfer reagents through the analytical column, with
reagent selection executed by a switching valve. Hemolyzed samples are
automatically injected onto the column during the flow of A-Elution Reagent
#1. The glycated component binds to the boronate, while the non-glycated
component passes through the column to the spectrophotometric detector, where
it is detected at wavelength of 413-±2 nm. After the elution of non-glycated
component, the Primus instrument pumps B-Elution Reagent #2, which displaces
the glycated component from the column. The glycated component then passes
through the detector. In the final stage of each sample cycle, the column is
re-equilibrated with Elution A-Reagent #1. All reagent selection occurs in a
timed sequence designed to allow complete elution of non-glycated and glycated
components.

Microprocessors (Model CLC330) or the PC computer (Model CLC385) control all
functions in the liquid chromatograph and computing integrator. The signal
from the spectrophotometric detector is processed and the concentration of
glycohemoglobin is calculated as a percentage of the total detected.
Integration is by peak area in millivolt-seconds. The chromatogram is plotted
first as the signal is received by the detector. The raw % glycohemoglobin is
calculated when glycated hemoglobin peak area is divided by the total
hemoglobin peak area. Primus HPLC uses two point calibrators with HbA1c
assigned values to obtain a final standardized glycohemoglobin. The Schiff
base does not interfere with boronate affinity method.

## Data Processing and Editing

Blood specimens were processed, stored and shipped to University of Missouri-
Columbia, Columbia, Missouri for analysis. Detailed specimen collection and
processing instructions are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical
Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file for detailed data
processing and editing protocols. The analytical methods are described in the
Description of the Laboratory Methodology section.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

## Analytic Notes

**NHANES 2001-2002 Laboratory Data**

The second day exam data was a convenience sample and thus did not have sample
weights. The analysis of NHANES 2001-2002 laboratory data must be conducted
with the key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES
2001-2002 Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain all survey design variables required to analyze
these data. The Phlebotomy Examination File includes auxiliary information
such the conditions precluding venipuncture. The Household Questionnaire and
Phlebotomy Examination File may be linked to the laboratory data file using
the unique survey participant identifier SEQN.

**LB2GLU and LB2GLUSI, Plasma glucose; LB2IN and LB2INSI, Insulin; LB2CP and
LB2CPSI, C-peptide; LB2GH, Glycohemoglobin**

Plasma glucose, serum insulin, serum C-peptide, and blood glycohemoglobin were
measured by the Diabetes Diagnostic Laboratory at the University of Missouri-
Columbia using Primus CLC330 (Primus Corporation, Kansas City, MO) on
participants aged 16-69 years. The Boronate Affinity High Performance Liquid
Chromatography (HPLC) system determines total glycohemoglobin by measuring
1,2-cis diol group found in glycated hemoglobin. The system has been
standardized to the reference method used for the Diabetes Control and
Complications Trial (DCCT). The affinity chromatographic method has
demonstrated excellent, long-term precision (interassay CV's <3.0%) and is not
affected by the presence of hemoglobin variants S, C, D and elevated HbF. The
method is also less sensitive to hemoglobin degradation due to improper sample
handling.

The Laboratory 10 and 10AM Second Day Data File contains laboratory test
results for glucose (LB2GLU) measured using the reference analytic method.
However, the Lab 40 Biochemistry profiles also included measurements of this
analyte. The serum glucose values (LB2SGL) reported in this data release
should not be used to determine undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes. Instead,
plasma glucose values (LB2GLU) should be used based on the reference analytic
method of this analyte.

**Conversion factor for insulin units:**

The conversion factor for insulin is 1 uU/mL = 6.00 pmol/L. This unit
conversion is based on the WHO standard adopted in 1987 based on a human
insulin with a potency of 26,000 U/g 5,6.

## References

  * Fluckiger R, et al. Quantitation of glycohemoglobin by boronate affinity chromatography. Diabetes 1984;33:73-6.
  * Gould BJ, et al. A sensitive method for the measurement of glycosylated plasma proteins using affinity chromatography. Ann Clin Biochem 1984;21:16-21.
  * Mallia AK, et al. Preparation and use of a boronic acid affinity support for separation and quantitation of glycosylated hemoglobins. Anal Lett 1981;14:649-61.
  * Primus Corporation Glycated Hemoglobin and Plasma Protein Analyzer Operator's Manual for the Diabetes Care Test Package of the CLC330TM and CLC385TM (Primus Corporation, Kansas City, MO 64110).
  * Robbins, DC, et al. Report of the American Diabetes Association's task force on standardization of the insulin assay. Diabetes; 1996; 45(2): 242-56.
  * Volund A. Conversion of Insulin units to SI units. Am J Clin Nutr 1993; 58: 714-5.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS

### LB2DAY - Days between the 1st and 2nd exams

Variable Name:

    LB2DAY
SAS Label:

    Days between the 1st and 2nd exams
English Text:

    Days between the 1st and 2nd exams
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3 to 47 | Range of Values | 557 | 557 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 557 |   
  
### LB2GH - Glycohemoglobin (%)

Variable Name:

    LB2GH
SAS Label:

    Glycohemoglobin (%)
English Text:

    Glycohemoglobin (%)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3.6 to 14 | Range of Values | 550 | 550 |   
. | Missing | 7 | 557 |   
  
### LB2GLU - Plasma glucose (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2GLU
SAS Label:

    Plasma glucose (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Plasma glucose (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
66.1 to 317.9 | Range of Values | 212 | 212 |   
. | Missing | 345 | 557 |   
  
### LB2GLUSI - Plasma glucose: SI(mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2GLUSI
SAS Label:

    Plasma glucose: SI(mmol/L)
English Text:

    Plasma glucose: SI(mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3.669 to 17.647 | Range of Values | 212 | 212 |   
. | Missing | 345 | 557 |   
  
### LB2CP - C-peptide: pmol/mL

Variable Name:

    LB2CP
SAS Label:

    C-peptide: pmol/mL
English Text:

    C-peptide: pmol/mL
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.196 to 7.336 | Range of Values | 205 | 205 |   
. | Missing | 352 | 557 |   
  
### LB2CPSI - C-peptide: SI(nmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2CPSI
SAS Label:

    C-peptide: SI(nmol/L)
English Text:

    C-peptide (nmol/L) in SI units
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.196 to 7.336 | Range of Values | 205 | 205 |   
. | Missing | 352 | 557 |   
  
### LB2IN - Insulin (uU/mL)

Variable Name:

    LB2IN
SAS Label:

    Insulin (uU/mL)
English Text:

    Insulin (uU/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3.08 to 154.3 | Range of Values | 205 | 205 |   
. | Missing | 352 | 557 |   
  
### LB2INSI - Insulin: SI(pmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2INSI
SAS Label:

    Insulin: SI(pmol/L)
English Text:

    Insulin: SI(pmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
18.48 to 925.8 | Range of Values | 205 | 205 |   
. | Missing | 352 | 557 | 

