

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXCRP - C-reactive protein(mg/dL)
    * LBXFB - Fibrinogen (mg/dL)
    * LBDFBSI - Fibrinogen (g/L)
    * LBDBAP - Bone alkaline phosphotase (ug/L)
    * URDNT - N-Telopeptides (nmol BCE)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2001-2002 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### C-Reactive protein (CRP), Fibrinogen, Bone Alkaline Phosphatase & Urinary
N-telopeptides (L11_B)

####  Data File: L11_B.xpt

#####  First Published: February 2007

#####  Last Revised: June 2007

## Component Description

**C-reactive protein**

C-reactive protein is considered one of the best measures of the acute phase
response to an infectious disease or other cause of tissue damage and
inflammation. It is used to correct the iron status measures, which are
affected by inflammation. It can also be used to measure the body's response
to inflammation from chronic conditions, such as arthritis, and environmental
exposures to agents such as tobacco smoke.

**Fibrinogen**

Fibrinogen is an essential blood-clotting factor and is involved in a range of
other functions, including platelet aggregation and smooth muscle
proliferation. A growing body of evidence has identified fibrinogen as an
important risk factor for cardiovascular disease, the major cause of death in
the U.S. The objective of including this measure was to provide data on
laboratory, clinical, and socio-demographic correlates of fibrinogen levels.
Of particular importance in NHANES, the data can be used to study the
relationship between fibrinogen levels and clinically measured lower extremity
arterial blood flow as assessed by the Ankle-Brachial Index in the Lower
Extremity Disease component.

**Bone alkaline phosphatase and N-telopeptides**

Evaluation of bone mineral status can utilize measures of total bone mineral
content and bone mineral density. Serum bone alkaline phosphatase is a marker
of bone formation and urinary N-telopeptides are markers of bone resorption.

## Eligible Sample

**C-reactive protein (CRP)**

Participants aged 3 years and older were tested.

**Fibrinogen**

Participants aged 40 years and older were tested.

**Bone alkaline phosphatase**

Participants aged 8 years and older were tested.

**N-telopeptides**

Participants aged 8 years and older were tested, but data was released for
twenty years and older. The data for 8-19 years is available in the Research
Data Center at the National Center for Health Statistics.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**C-reactive protein**

This method quantified C-**reactive** protein (CRP) by latex-enhanced
nephelometry. Particle-enhanced assays were based on the reaction between a
soluble analyte and the corresponding antigen or antibody bound to polystyrene
particles. For the quantification of CRP, particles consisting of a
polystyrene core and a hydrophilic shell were used in order to link anti-CRP
antibodies covalently. A dilute solution of test sample was mixed with latex
particles coated with mouse monoclonal anti-CRP antibodies. CRP present in the
test sample forms an antigen-antibody complex with the latex particles.

An automatic blank subtraction was performed. CRP concentrations were
calculated by using a calibration curve. Data reduction of the signals was
performed by using a storable logit-log function for the calibration curve
performed data reduction of the signals. These assays were performed on a
Behring Nephelometer for quantitative CRP determination.

**Fibrinogen**

On the STA-Compact, the Clauss clotting method determined the fibrinogen
concentration in plasma quantitatively. This test method involves measuring
the rate of fibrinogen to fibrin conversion in diluted sample under the
influence of excess thrombin. Since under these conditions the fibrinogen
content was rate limiting, the clotting time can be used as a measure of the
concentration of the fibrinogen and in fact, the clotting time is inversely
proportional to the level of fibrinogen in the plasma.

Clot detection by the STA-Compact involved an electromagnetic- mechanical
system. The oscillation of a steel ball within the cuvette with the thrombin
and diluted plasma was monitored by the STA-Compact. When the oscillation of
the steel ball was stopped by clot formation, the sensor registered the time
in seconds. The time was translated into fibrinogen concentration from a
fibrinogen standard curve, stored on the STA Compact.

**Bone alkaline phosphatase**

There were two methods used to measure Bone Alkaline Phosphatase in NHANES
2001-2002.  
For NHANES 2001, the HybritechTandem-MP Ostase ImmunoEnzymetric assay was used
for quantitative measurement of Bone Alkaline Phosphatase (BAP), an indicator
of osteoblastic activity, in human serum. The Hybritech BAP was measured using
a Bio Tek EL 808 Automated Microtiter Plate Reader or the Rosys Plato 3301.

The Hybritech Ostase assay was a solid phase, monoclonal antibody
immnumoenzymetric assay. Samples containing BAP were reacted with a biotin-
labeled, BAP-specific monoclonal antibody. The reaction was performed in a
plastic well strip (solid phase) coated with strepavidin and enclosed in a
plastic frame. Following the formation of a solid phase/capture antibody/BAP
complex, the microplate was washed to remove unbound BAP and was then
incubated with an enzyme substrate. The amount of substrate turnover was
determined colorimetrically by measuring the absorbance of the quenched
reaction at 405 nm in a microplate reader. The absorbance was proportional to
the concentration of BAP present in the test sample. The calculation of BAP
concentration in the sample was based on concurrent testing of BAP calibrators
and the Zero Diluent/calibrator.

For NHANES 2002, the Beckman Access Ostase assay was used to measure serum
Bone Alkaline Phosphatase. The Access Ostase assay is a one-step
immunoenzymatic assay. A mouse monoclonal antibody specific to BAP is added to
a reaction vessel with paramagnetic particles coated with goat anti-mouse
polyclonal antibody. Calibrators, controls and samples containing BAP are
added to the coated particles, and bind to the anti-BAP monoclonal antibody.
Following the formation of a solid phase/capture antibody/BAP complex,
separation in magnetic and washing remove materials not bound to the solid
phase. A chemiluminescent substrate, Lumi-Phos*530, is added to the reaction
vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured with a luminometer. The
light production is directly proportional to the concentration of BAP in the
sample. The amount of analyte in the sample is determined from a stored,
multi-point calibration curve.

**Urinary N-telopeptides**

There were two methods used to measure Urinary N-telopeptides in NHANES
2001-2002.  
In NHANES 2001, the Osteomark assay was used and is a competitive inhibition
enzyme linked solid-phase immunosorbent assay for the quantitative measurement
of the cross-linked N-telopeptides of type I bone collagen (Ntx) in human
urine. The solid phase consists of microwells onto which cross-linked
telopeptides (antigen) are adsorbed. Urine controls, test samples and
calibrators were added to the antigen coated 96 well plates. Antibody to the
N-telopeptide cross-links that are conjugated to horseradish peroxidase was
then added to each well. During an initial incubation period, antigen in the
sample competed with the solid phase antigen for binding to the antibody. The
wells were then washed to remove unbound material.

Buffered substrate/chromogen reagent was then added to each well. During the
final incubation, a blue color can develop when bound antibody-horseradish
peroxidase conjugate was present in the well. The color intensity was a
measure of the amount of conjugated antibody bound to the solid phase antigen,
and was inversely proportional to the amount of antigen in the test sample.
The reaction was stopped by the addition of stopping reagent (1N sulfuric
acid) which results in a color change from blue to yellow. The absorbance
values for the control, calibrators and test samples were determined
spectrophotometrically at 450 nm with a 650 nm reference filter, by using a
microtiter plate reader.

In NHANES 2002, N-telopeptides was measured using the Vitros Eci instrument.
The Vitros NTx assay is a competitive immunoassay technique using a synthetic
NTx peptide which has been coated on the reaction wells provided in the
reagent pack. This assay depends on competition between this synthetic peptide
and the NTx present in the specimen being tested.

These two sources of peptide compete for binding with a horse radish
peroxidase (HRP) -labeled antibody conjugate (mouse monoclonal anti-NTx). The
conjugate is captured by the peptide coated on the wells. Any unbound
materials are removed through a washing step.

The bound HRP conjugate is then measured through the addition of a luminescent
substrate. This signal reagent contains the luminogenic substrates (a luminol
derivative and a peracid salt) and an electron transfer agent. The HRP in the
bound conjugate catalyzes the oxidation of the luminol derivative. This
produces a light signal. The electron transfer agent (a substituted
acetanilide) increases the level of the light and prolongs its emission. This
light signal is read by the Vitros. The level of HRP conjugate bound is
indirectly proportional to the concentration of NTx present.

## Data Processing and Editing

Blood and urine specimens are processed, stored and shipped to University of
Washington, Seattle, Washington. Detailed specimen collection and processing
instructions are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists
Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file for detailed data processing and
editing protocols. The analytical methods are described in the Analytic
methodology section.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 2001-2002 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 2001-2002
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain sample weights for these age groups. The
phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such the conditions precluding
venipuncture. The household questionnaire and phlebotomy  
files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique survey
participant identifier SEQN.

Adjustment of Bone Alkaline Phosphatase was necessary for NHANES 2001 data
because of a change of laboratory methods (see section 6.3) between 2001
(using the Hybritech method) and 2002 (using the Beckman Access method) The
distributions of sample person results were compared between NHANES 2001 and
NHANES 2002 and the BAP test had significantly (p < 0.05) different means. A
cross-over study between the two methods was performed to establish regression
equations to convert NHANES 2001 values to NHANES 2002 values. The regression
equations were applied to the BAP test, and a t test was done after regression
that showed no significant differences of BAP test means between the two
methods after regression.

Adjustment of Urinary N-telopeptides was necessary for NHANES 2001-2002 data
because of a change of laboratory methods (see section 6.4) from 2001
(Osteomark) to 2002 (Vitros). The distributions of sample person results were
compared between NHANES 2001 and NHANES 2002 and the NTX was higher in 2001
when compared to 2002. A cross-over study between the two methods was
performed to establish regression equations to convert NHANES 2002 values to
NHANES 2001 equivalent values. The regressions were validated for NTX values
up to 4000 nM. Many children (8-19 years) had values above 4000 nM, but only
one adult (20+ years) had a value greater than 4000 nM. Data for adults (20+
years) was released and data for 8-19 years is available in Research Data
Center at the National Center for Health Statistics.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXCRP - C-reactive protein(mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXCRP
SAS Label:

    C-reactive protein(mg/dL)
English Text:

    C-reactive protein (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.01 to 18.5 | Range of Values | 8410 | 8410 |   
. | Missing | 852 | 9262 |   
  
### LBXFB - Fibrinogen (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXFB
SAS Label:

    Fibrinogen (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Fibrinogen (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 40 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
118 to 914 | Range of Values | 3010 | 3010 |   
. | Missing | 6252 | 9262 |   
  
### LBDFBSI - Fibrinogen (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDFBSI
SAS Label:

    Fibrinogen (g/L)
English Text:

    Fibrinogen (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 40 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.18 to 9.14 | Range of Values | 3010 | 3010 |   
. | Missing | 6252 | 9262 |   
  
### LBDBAP - Bone alkaline phosphotase (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDBAP
SAS Label:

    Bone alkaline phosphotase (ug/L)
English Text:

    Bone alkaline phosphotase (ug/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 8 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.7 to 351.2 | Range of Values | 7592 | 7592 |   
. | Missing | 1670 | 9262 |   
  
### URDNT - N-Telopeptides (nmol BCE)

Variable Name:

    URDNT
SAS Label:

    N-Telopeptides (nmol BCE)
English Text:

    N-Telopeptides (nmol BCE)
Target:

     Both males and females 20 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
14 to 14900 | Range of Values | 4859 | 4859 |   
. | Missing | 4403 | 9262 | 

