ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXCRP - C-reactive protein(mg/dL)
    * LBXBAP - Bone alkaline phosphotase (ug/L)
    * LBXPT21 - Parathyroid Hormone(Elecys method) pg/mL

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2003-2004 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### C-Reactive Protein (CRP), Bone Alkaline Phosphatase (BAP) & Parathyroid
Hormone (PTH) (L11_C)

####  Data File: L11_C.xpt

#####  First Published: February 2006

#####  Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

**C-reactive protein (CRP)**

C-reactive protein is considered one of the best measures of the acute-phase
response to an infectious disease or other cause of tissue damage and
inflammation. It is used to correct the iron status measures, which are
affected by inflammation. It can also be used to measure the body's response
to inflammation from chronic conditions, such as arthritis, and environmental
exposures to agents such as tobacco smoke.

**Bone Alkaline Phosphatase (BAP)**

To assist in the evaluation of skeletal status, one marker of bone turnover is
being measured: bone alkaline phosphatase in serum.

**Parathyroid Hormone (PTH)**

Evaluation of bone mineral status will utilize an evaluation of vitamin D
status based on two analytes: serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D and parathyroid
hormone (PTH). Vitamin D is essential for active intestinal calcium absorption
and plays a central role in maintaining calcium homeostasis and skeletal
integrity. In addition, vitamin D has recently been linked to other non-
skeletal conditions of public health significance, such as hypertension and
cancer. Vitamin D is derived mainly from cutaneous synthesis in the presence
of ultraviolet sunlight, whereas dietary intake constitutes a minor fraction.
Serum 25(OH)D is the best indicator of vitamin D status. It is converted in
the kidney, stimulated by PTH, to the hormonally active metabolite
1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D [1,25 (OH)2D]. Serum PTH concentration is a very
sensitive indicator of calcium homeostasis and vitamin D deficiency. The
inclusion of this measure to the NHANES laboratory protocol will increase the
usefulness of the vitamin D measurement in evaluating vitamin D status,
particularly as it relates to skeletal status. The inclusion of both of these
markers in the NHANES survey will provide a more complete picture of vitamin D
status.

## Eligible Sample

**CRP:** Participants aged 1 year and older.

**BAP:** Participants aged 8-49 years.

**PTH:** Participants aged 6 years and older.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**CRP**

This method quantified CRP by latex-enhanced nephelometry. Particle-enhanced
assays were based on the reaction between a soluble analyte and the
corresponding antigen or antibody bound to polystyrene particles. For the
quantification of CRP, particles consisting of a polystyrene core and a
hydrophilic shell were used to link anti-CRP antibodies covalently. A dilute
solution of test sample was mixed with latex particles coated with mouse
monoclonal anti-CRP antibodies. CRP present in the test sample forms an
antigen antibody complex with the latex particles.

An automatic blank subtraction was performed. CRP concentrations were
calculated by using a calibration curve. Data reduction of the signals was
performed by using a storable logit-log function for the calibration curve
performed data reduction of the signals. These assays were performed on a
Behring Nephelometer for quantitative CRP determination.

**BAP**

The Tandem-MP Ostase ImmunoEnzymetric Assay is an in vitro device for the
quantitative measurement of Skeletal Alkaline Phosphatase (sALP), an indicator
of osteoblastic activity, in human serum. This device is intended to be used
as an aid in the management of postmenopausal osteoporosis and Paget's
disease.

The Ostase Assay is a solid-phase, monoclonal antibody immuno-enzymetric
assay. Samples containing sALP are reacted with a solution containing a
biotin-labeled, sALP-specific monoclonal antibody. The reaction takes place in
a plastic well strip (solid phase) coated with strepavidin and enclosed in a
plastic frame. Following the formation of a solid-phase/capture antibody/sALP
complex, the microplate is washed to remove unbound sALP and is then incubated
with an enzyme substrate. The amount of substrate turnover is determined
colorimetrically by measuring the absorbance of the quenched reaction at 405
nm in a microplate reader. The absorbance is proportional to the concentration
of sALP present in the test sample. The calculation of sALP concentration in
the sample is based on concurrent testing of sALP Calibrators and the Zero
Diluent/Calibrator.

The Ostase assay is an in vitro device for the quantitative measurement of
skeletal alkaline phosphatase (sALP) in human serum. Changes in sALP have been
shown to be useful in participants undergoing therapy for metabolic bone
disorders. It may also be an indicator of vitamin D deficiency in some
participants.

**PTH**

The Elecsys 1010 analyzer is a fully automatic run-oriented analyzer system
for the determination of immunological tests using the ECL/Origen
electrochemiluminescent process. All components and reagents for routine
analysis are integrated in or on the analyzer. PTH is measured on the Elecsys
1010 using a sandwich principle.

  1. 1st incubation. A 50 μL sample of a biotinylated monoclonal PTH-specific antibody and monoclonal PTH-specific antibody labeled with a ruthenium complex form a sandwich complex. 
  2. 2nd incubation. After the addition of streptavidin-labeled microparticles, the complex produced is bound to the solid phase via biotin-streptavidin interaction. 
  3. The reaction mixture is aspirated into the measuring cell where the microparticles are magnetically captured onto the surface of the electrode. Unbound substances are then removed with ProCell. Application of a voltage to the electrode then induces chemiluminescent emission (which is measured by a photomultiplier). 
  4. Results are determined by means of a calibration curve. This curve is instrument-specifically generated by a two-point calibration and a master curve provided via the reagent barcode. 

PTH is an 84 amino acid peptide produced by the parathyroid gland. Because the
PTH molecule undergoes extensive proteolytic modifications, human serum
contains both the intact molecule and several fragments. The biologically
active N-terminal fragment has a half-life of only a few minutes. The
secretory activity of the parathyroid gland can be determined by the selective
measurement of the (mainly) intact parathyroid hormone. This Elecsys 1010
method is for the in vitro quantitative determination of intact parathyroid
hormone in human serum and plasma. Together with vitamin D and calcitonin, PTH
brings about the mobilization of calcium and phosphate from the skeletal
system and increases the uptake of calcium in the intestine and the excretion
of phosphate via the kidneys. Secretion of PTH is inhibited by high calcium
concentrations and is promoted by low calcium concentrations. The ratios of
intact hormone to peptide fragments may vary from individual to individual as
well as between patients with hyperparathyroidism or chronic renal failure.
The concentration of metabolically inactive PTH fragments increases in renal
failure.

There were no changes to the equipment, lab method, or lab site from the
previous 2 years.

## Data Processing and Editing

Blood specimens are processed, stored and shipped to University of Washington,
Seattle, WA. Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are
discussed in the NHANES LPM. Read the LABDOC file for detailed data processing
and editing protocols. The analytical methods are described in the Description
of Laboratory Methodology section.

The age range for CRP changed to 1 year and older in 2003-2004 from 3 years
and older from the previous 2 years. The age range for BAP changed to 8-49
years in 2003-2004 from 8 years and older in the previous 2 years.

There were no top coding or derived variables in this file.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing can be found on
the NHANES website.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

A detailed description of the quality assurance and quality control procedures
can be found on the NHANES website.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 2003-2004 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 2003-2004
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain sample weights for these age groups. The
phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such as the conditions
precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and phlebotomy files may
be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique survey participant
identifier SEQN.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXCRP - C-reactive protein(mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXCRP
SAS Label:

    C-reactive protein(mg/dL)
English Text:

    C-reactive protein (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.02 to 25.4 | Range of Values | 7200 | 7200 |   
0.01 | Below Limit of Detection | 1054 | 8254 |   
. | Missing | 925 | 9179 |   
  
### LBXBAP - Bone alkaline phosphotase (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXBAP
SAS Label:

    Bone alkaline phosphotase (ug/L)
English Text:

    Bone alkaline phosphotase (ug/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 8 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.8 to 445 | Range of Values | 4877 | 4877 |   
. | Missing | 4302 | 9179 |   
  
### LBXPT21 - Parathyroid Hormone(Elecys method) pg/mL

Variable Name:

    LBXPT21
SAS Label:

    Parathyroid Hormone(Elecys method) pg/mL
English Text:

    Parathyroid Hormone(Elecys method) pg/mL 
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
9 to 1491 | Range of Values | 7334 | 7334 |   
6 | Below Limit of Detection | 10 | 7344 |   
. | Missing | 1835 | 9179 | 

