ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * URXUCR - Creatinine, urine (mg/dL)
    * URXUCRSI - Creatinine, urine (umol/L)
    * URXUMA - Albumin, urine (ug/mL)
    * URXUMASI - Albumin, urine (mg/L) SI

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2001-2002 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Albumin & Creatinine - Urine (L16_B)

####  Data File: L16_B.xpt

#####  First Published: September 2003

#####  Last Revised: May 2004

## Component Description

Urinary albumin and creatinine were measured. Related survey questionnaire
data include information on analgesic product use and incontinence.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 6 years and older were tested.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Urinary creatinine**

Creatinine analysis uses a Jaffe rate reaction, in which creatinine reacts
with picrate in an alkaline solution to form a red creatinine-picrate complex.
The reaction is measured with a CX3 analyzer. The rate of the color
development is measured 25.6 sec after sample injection at 520 nm and at 560
nm. The rate difference between the two wavelengths is proportional to the
concentration of creatinine in the reaction cup. The procedures described
below are the standard protocols of the Fairview University Medical Center
(FUMC) (Beckman Instruments, Inc., 1979; Beckman Instruments, Inc., 1986;
Beckman Instruments, Inc., 1982; Tietz et al., 1986; Kaplan et al., 1984).

Creatinine, the waste product derived from creatine, is released into the
plasma at a relatively constant rate. The amount of creatinine per unit of
muscle mass is constant; therefore, creatinine is the best indicator of
impaired kidney function.

**Urinary albumin**

A solid-phase fluorescent immunoassay for the measurement of human urinary
albumin is described by Chavers et al. (1984). The fluorescent immunoassay is
a noncompetitive, double-antibody method for the determination of human
albumin in urine. Antibody to human albumin is covalently attached to
derivatized polyacrylamide beads. The solid-phase antibody is reacted with a
urine specimen. The urine albumin-antigen complexes with the solid-phase
antibody.

This complex then reacts with fluorescein-labeled antibody. Remove the
unattached fluorescent antibody by washing during centrifugation. Determine
the fluorescence of the stable solid-phase antibody complex with a
fluorometer. The fluorescence is directly proportional to the amount of urine
albumin present. The standard curve is 0.5-20 μg/mL albumin.

Increased microalbuminuria is a sign of renal disease and may be predictive of
nephropathy risk in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes. Results of the
fluorescent immunoassay (FIA) are reproducible, and the test is accurate and
sensitive for the detection of human urinary albumin excretion. It is
especially useful for measurement of low levels of urinary albumin not
detectable by dipstick methods. The FIA assay resembles the radio-immunoassay
(RIA) in technique and sensitivity without the potential health hazards
associated with the handling of isotopes in the laboratory.11f

## Data Processing and Editing

Urine specimens were processed, stored and shipped to University of Minnesota,
Minneapolis, Minnesota for analysis. Detailed specimen collection and
processing instructions are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical
Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file for detailed data
processing and editing protocols. The analytical methods are described in the
Description of the Laboratory Methodology section.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 2001-2002 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variable. The NHANES 2001-2002
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain all survey design variables and sample weights
for these age groups. The phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such
as the conditions precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and
phlebotomy files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier SEQN.

## References

  * Beckman Instruments, Inc., Creatinine Measurement Module Operating and Service Instructions, Beckman ASTRA. Brea (CA), 1979.
  * Beckman Instruments, Inc., Maintenance Guide, Beckman ASTRA. Brea (CA), 1982.
  * Beckman Instruments, Inc., Operating and Service Instructions, Beckman ASTRA. Brea(CA), 1986.
  * Chavers BM, Simonson J, Michael AF. A solid-phase fluorescent   
immunoassay for the measurement of human urinary albumin. Kidney Int.  
1984;25:576-8.

  * Kaplan LA, Pesce AJ, editors, Clinical Chemistry Theory, Analysis and   
Correlation. St. Louis: CV Mosby Company, 1984:416-8, 1032-5, 1044-5,  
1051-6, 1075-8, 1234-9, 1247-53, 1257-61.

  * Tietz NW, editor, Textbook of clinical chemistry. Philadelphia: WB Saunders Company, 1986:775-85, 1173-202, 1266-81, 1347-55, 1386-92.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### URXUCR - Creatinine, urine (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    URXUCR
SAS Label:

    Creatinine, urine (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Creatinine, urine (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5 to 774 | Range of Values | 8373 | 8373 |   
. | Missing | 274 | 8647 |   
  
### URXUCRSI - Creatinine, urine (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    URXUCRSI
SAS Label:

    Creatinine, urine (umol/L)
English Text:

    Creatinine, urine (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
442 to 68422 | Range of Values | 8373 | 8373 |   
. | Missing | 274 | 8647 |   
  
### URXUMA - Albumin, urine (ug/mL)

Variable Name:

    URXUMA
SAS Label:

    Albumin, urine (ug/mL)
English Text:

    Albumin, urine (ug/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.2 to 16920 | Range of Values | 8374 | 8374 |   
. | Missing | 273 | 8647 |   
  
### URXUMASI - Albumin, urine (mg/L) SI

Variable Name:

    URXUMASI
SAS Label:

    Albumin, urine (mg/L) SI
English Text:

    Albumin, urine (mg/L) SI
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.2 to 16920 | Range of Values | 8374 | 8374 |   
. | Missing | 273 | 8647 | 

