ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXTO1 - Toxoplasma (IgG)
    * LBXTO2 - Toxoplasma (IgM)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2003-2004 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Toxoplasma (IgG) & Toxoplasma (IgM) (L17_C)

####  Data File: L17_C.xpt

#####  First Published: April 2006

#####  Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

Serologic tests are available to determine who has become infected with
toxoplasmosis. Toxoplasma-specific IgG antibodies are detectable 1-3 weeks
after infection and remain detectable for the life of the individual.
Toxoplasma-specific IgM antibodies are also detectable 1-3 weeks after
infection but generally decline to nil by 1 year after infection. The presence
of both IgG and IgM is evidence for infection within the last year. The
presence of IgG antibody without IgM is considered indicative of past
infection. All eligible participants were tested for serum IgG, and positive
sera were tested for the presence of IgM. These data will be used to estimate
the prevalence of toxoplasmosis in the U.S. and to determine whether the rates
are changing over time. Toxoplasma IgG antibody was measured in NHANES III
with an overall prevalence of 22.5%.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 6-49 years were tested.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Toxoplasma (IgG)**

The presence and quantity of IgG antibodies to _Toxoplasma gondii_ in the test
sample were determined by performing an EIA test with _Toxoplasma_ antigen. A
standard curve was constructed using optical density readings from positive
control sera wells; these readings were calibrated to World Health
Organization (WHO) Toxo 60 serum and read as International Units (IU/mL).
Those test samples with results below 10 IU/mL indicated a non-significant
level of antibody; thus, they were considered to be negative, indicating no
infection. Those test samples with results greater than 9 IU/mL were
considered to be positive, indicating _Toxoplasma_ infection at some
undetermined time.

**Toxoplasma (IgM)**

The presence and quantity of IgM antibodies to _Toxoplasma gondii_ in the test
sample were determined by performing an IgM-capture enzyme immunoassay (EIA)
test with _Toxoplasma_ antigen. Results are obtained by dividing the optical
density of the test sample well by the optical density of the positive
standard well and multiplying the result by 100.

Those test samples exhibiting ratios below 2.0 indicated a non-significant
level of IgM antibody according to this technique; thus, they were considered
to be negative for IgM antibodies. Those test samples with ratios equal to or
greater than 2.0 were considered to be IgM positive, indicating either
_Toxoplasma_ infection within the last 2 years or a false-positive reaction.

There were no changes to equipment, lab site, or lab method from the previous
2 years. Measurements of Toxoplasma (Dye), Toxoplasma Differential
Agglutination, and Toxoplasma (Avidity) were dropped from the previous 2 years
of NHANES.

A detailed description of the laboratory method used can be found on the
NHANES website.

## Data Processing and Editing

Blood specimens were processed, stored, and shipped to Division of Parasitic
Diseases, National Center for Infectious Diseases, Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for analysis. Detailed specimen collection and
processing instructions are discussed in the NHANES LPM. Read the LABDOC file
for detailed data processing and editing protocols. The analytical methods are
described in the Description of the Laboratory Methodology section.

This file contains no top coding, fill values, or minimal detectable limits.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing can be found on
the NHANES website.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

A detailed description of the quality assurance and quality control procedures
can be found on the NHANES website.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 2003-2004 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 2003-2004
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain all survey design variables and sample weights
for these age groups. The phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such
as the conditions precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and
phlebotomy files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier SEQN.

**Toxoplasmosis antibody:** These data are released as International Units
(IU). Though the data are released as individual units, the data should be
analyzed qualitatively and categorized as positive when IU ≥10 and negative
when IU = 0-9 IU.

**LBXT01**

This test was performed on all examinees aged 6-49 years.

**LBXT02**

This test was performed only if LBXT01 ≥ 10.



## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 49 YEARS

### LBXTO1 - Toxoplasma (IgG)

Variable Name:

    LBXTO1
SAS Label:

    Toxoplasma (IgG)
English Text:

    Toxoplasma (IgG)
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 240 | Range of Values | 5120 | 5120 |   
. | Missing | 535 | 5655 |   
  
### LBXTO2 - Toxoplasma (IgM)

Variable Name:

    LBXTO2
SAS Label:

    Toxoplasma (IgM)
English Text:

    Toxoplasma (IgM)
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 3 | Range of Values | 432 | 432 |   
. | Missing | 5223 | 5655 | 

