ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXME - Measles
    * LBDRUIU - Rubella international units
    * LBXVAR - Varicella

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2003-2004 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Measles, Rubella, & Varicella (L19_C)

####  Data File: L19_C.xpt

#####  First Published: April 2006

#####  Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

**Measles**

Measles is a highly infectious disease that was targeted for elimination in
the United States by the year 1996. The elimination strategy called for
vaccination of all susceptible persons at age 12-15 months and at 4-11 years.
NHANES will assess age-specific population immunity, taking into account
vaccinees who never develop antibodies, persons who may lose immunity over
time, and persons who are immune from natural disease. The U.S. measles
elimination goal for 1996 came at a time when measles elimination was being
considered as an achievable goal worldwide by the World Health Organization.
If success can be demonstrated in the U.S. as well as other countries in the
hemisphere, worldwide efforts to eliminate measles will be encouraged. The
benefit from a study of the seroprevalence of measles will be to document age-
specific immunity that is found following measles elimination efforts and to
help judge the levels of immunity that are needed to eliminate measles.

**Rubella**

Congenital rubella syndrome (CRS) is the term used to describe the serious
birth defects that occur among infants born to women infected with rubella
while pregnant. A single rubella vaccination, usually given as measles-mumps-
rubella (MMR) vaccine, is thought to confer lifelong immunity. Widespread use
of the vaccine has resulted in near elimination of CRS in the United States.
In recent years, an increasing proportion of rubella cases have been reported
among adults, and outbreaks have occurred among persons of Hispanic ethnicity.

Population-based rubella seroprevalence studies will provide valuable
information about specific groups that lack rubella immunity and therefore
could be targeted for immunization. Therefore, serologic testing of NHANES
participants will be conducted to document the level of immunity to rubella by
race and ethnicity and allow comparison data from NHANES III.

**Varicella**

In 1995, a vaccine for the prevention of varicella (chicken pox) was licensed
for use in persons 1 year of age and older. Wide use of the vaccine may change
the epidemiology of the disease with a shift in incidence to older persons who
are at higher risk than are younger persons for more severe disease and
complications.

Older persons may have severe complications such as encephalitis and/or death
if they develop varicella. Additionally, pregnant women can pass on varicella
if they develop it in the last weeks of gestation, with severe life-
threatening consequences to the newborn. NHANES provides a unique opportunity
to assess changes in the seroprevalence of immunity to varicella after
introduction of the vaccine. Demographic data on immune and susceptible
persons will help target vaccination programs toward groups at risk for
disease.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 6-49 years were tested.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

The staff of the Immunoserology Unit of the California State Department of
Health Services (CSDHS), Viral and Rickettsial Disease Laboratory (VRDL)
developed these EIA tests. The procedures described below are the standardized
protocols of the VRDL's in-house EIA tests for serodiagnosis of viral
infections and are currently routinely used for the following viruses: adeno,
cytomegalo, herpes simplex, influenza A and B, measles, mumps, rubella,
parvo-B19, respiratory syncytial, St. Louis encephalitis, varicella-zoster,
and Western encephalitis. The individual steps in the test are the same for
all these viruses, except that production and purification of viral and
control antigens used in the assay are different for individual viruses. These
assays are approved and routinely monitored by CLIA staff.

In the indirect EIA, a suitable antigen material (i.e., solubilized varicella-
zoster virus) is coated on the wells of a 96-well microtiter plate, which is
subsequently incubated with a diluted test specimen. If the specimen contains
antibody to the antigen, the antibody will form complexes with the antigen on
the coated plate.

After washing unreacted serum components from the plate, an antibody-enzyme
conjugate is added to the wells and incubated. The conjugate consists of
antihuman IgG covalently coupled to the enzyme alkaline phosphatase. The
conjugate will react with the antigen-antibody complex on the surface of the
well resulting in a sandwich of well-antigen-antibody-antibody-enzyme. If the
test specimen does not contain IgG antibody to the antigen, the conjugate will
not bind to the well surface and will be removed by washing. The presence of
enzyme in the complex is determined by adding an enzyme substrate (indicator
system) to the well and incubating while a color reaction occurs. The enzyme
substrate reaction will result in a yellow-colored product, which is measured
in a spectrophotometer adjusted to a wavelength of 405 nanometers with a side
band adjusted to 630 nanometers.

There were no changes to the equipment, lab methods, or lab site from the
previous 2 years.

A detailed description of the laboratory method used can be found on the
NHANES website.

## Data Processing and Editing

Blood specimens were processed, stored and shipped to Viral and Rickettsial
Disease Laboratory, California State Department of Health Services, Berkeley,
California for analysis. Detailed specimen collection and processing
instructions are discussed in the NHANES LPM. Read the LABDOC file for
detailed data processing and editing protocols. The analytical methods are
described in the Description of the Laboratory Methodology section.

The LBDRUIU variable was derived in this data file. Rubella antibody data are
reported as an optical density index that is converted to International Units.
See the Analytic Notes section for the formula used for its derivation.

This file contains no top coding, fill values, or minimal detectable limits.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing can be found on
the NHANES website.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual
(LPM). Read the LABDOC file for detailed QA/QC protocols.

A detailed description of the quality assurance and quality control procedures
can be found on the NHANES website.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 2003-2004 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 2003-2004
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain all survey design variables and sample weights
for these age groups. The phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such
as the conditions precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and
phlebotomy files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier SEQN.

**LBDRUIU - Rubella International Units**

Rubella antibody data are reported as an optical density index that is
converted to International Units using the following formula:

LBDRUIU (Rubella_Units) = [(65.93928 × Rubella_Index) × (0.177)] + 1.28060

The Rubella index is calculated by subtracting the absorbance of the control
well from the absorbance of the antigen well (AG - NS) and dividing the
difference by the cut-off value. The cut-off value is calculated as the mean
AG - NS value of duplicate 10 IU standards. The equation used is: O.D. index =
(AG - NS)/Cut-off value.

International Units are calculated based on a standard curve using a
regression analysis of duplicate AG - NS values of 10, 40, and 100 IU
standards and their squares.

**Interpretation of Results**

  1. An O.D. Index of > 1.0 indicates the presence of antibody. 
  2. An O.D. Index of <1.0 indicates that antibody was not detected. 
  3. An International Unit value of 10 or greater is considered significant for rubella.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 49 YEARS

### LBXME - Measles

Variable Name:

    LBXME
SAS Label:

    Measles
English Text:

    Measles
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 29.58 | Range of Values | 5138 | 5138 |   
. | Missing | 517 | 5655 |   
  
### LBDRUIU - Rubella international units

Variable Name:

    LBDRUIU
SAS Label:

    Rubella international units
English Text:

    Rubella units
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 320 | Range of Values | 5138 | 5138 |   
. | Missing | 517 | 5655 |   
  
### LBXVAR - Varicella

Variable Name:

    LBXVAR
SAS Label:

    Varicella
English Text:

    Varicella
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 29.65 | Range of Values | 5138 | 5138 |   
. | Missing | 517 | 5655 | 

