ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LB2DAY - Days between 1st and 2nd exam 
    * LB2ME - Measles
    * LB2RU - Rubella
    * LB2RUIU - Rubella antibody (international units)
    * LB2VAR - Varicella

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2001-2002 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Measles, Rubella, & Varicella, Second Exam (L19_2_B)

####  Data File: L19_2_B.xpt

#####  First Published: September 2010

#####  Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

**Second Day Exams  
**  
**See the general documentation on Second Day laboratory exams**. See the
general documentation on second day laboratory exams. Also, see the
documentation for the primary exam data for **Laboratory 19**.  
  
**Measles  
**  
Measles is a highly infectious disease targeted for elimination in the United
States by the year 1996. The elimination strategy called for vaccination of
all susceptible persons at age 12-15 months and at 4-11 years. NHANES will
assess age-specific population immunity, taking into account vaccinees who
never develop antibodies, persons who may lose immunity over time, and persons
who are immune from natural disease. The U.S. measles elimination goal for
1996 came at a time when measles elimination was being considered as an
achievable goal worldwide by the World Health Organization. If success can be
demonstrated in the U.S. as well as other countries in the hemisphere,
worldwide efforts to eliminate measles will be encouraged. The benefit from a
study of measles seroprevalence will be to document age-specific immunity that
is found following measles elimination efforts and to help judge the levels of
immunity that are needed to eliminate measles.  
  
**Rubella**  
  
Congenital rubella syndrome (CRS) is the term used to describe the serious
birth defects that occur among infants born to women infected with rubella
while pregnant. A single rubella vaccination, usually given as measles-mumps-
rubella (MMR) vaccine, is thought to confer lifelong immunity. Widespread use
of the vaccine has resulted in near elimination of CRS in the United States.
In recent years, an increasing proportion of rubella cases have been reported
among adults, and outbreaks have occurred among persons of Hispanic ethnicity.  
  
Population-based rubella seroprevalence studies will provide valuable  
information about specific groups that lack rubella immunity and therefore
could be targeted for immunization. Therefore serologic testing of NHANES
participants will be conducted to document the level of immunity to rubella by
race and ethnicity and allow comparison data from NHANES III.  
  
**Varicella  
**  
In 1995, a vaccine for prevention of varicella (chicken pox) was licensed for
use in persons 1 year of age and older. Wide use of the vaccine may change the
epidemiology of the disease with a shift in incidence to older persons who are
at higher risk than are younger persons for more severe disease and
complications.  
  
Older persons may have severe complications such as encephalitis and/or death
if they develop varicella. Additionally, pregnant women can pass on varicella
if they develop it in the last weeks of gestation with severe life-threatening
consequences to the newborn. NHANES provides a unique opportunity to assess
changes in the seroprevalence of immunity to varicella after introduction of
the vaccine. Demographic data on immune and susceptible persons will help
target vaccination programs toward groups at risk for disease.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 16-49 years were tested.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Measles, Rubella, and Varicella  
**  
The staff of the Immunoserology Unit of the California State Department of
Health Services (CSDHS), Viral and Rickettsial Disease Laboratory (VRDL)
developed these EIA tests. The procedures described below are the standardized
protocols of the VRDL's in-house EIA tests for serodiagnosis of viral
infections. The individual steps in the test are the same for all these
viruses, except that production and purification of viral and control antigens
used in the assay are different for individual viruses. These assays are
approved and routinely monitored by CLIA staff.  
  
In the indirect EIA, a suitable antigen material (i.e., solubilized virus) is
coated on the wells of a 96-well microtiter plate, which is subsequently
incubated with a diluted test specimen. If the specimen contains antibody to
the antigen, the antibody will form complexes with the antigen on the coated
plate.  
  
After washing unreacted serum components from the plate, an antibody-enzyme
conjugate is added to the wells and incubated. The conjugate consists of
antihuman IgG covalently coupled to the enzyme alkaline phosphatase. The
conjugate will react with the antigen-antibody complex on the surface of the
well resulting in a sandwich of well-antigen-antibody-antibody-enzyme. If the
test specimen does not contain IgG antibody to the antigen, the conjugate will
not bind to the well surface and will be removed by washing. The presence of
enzyme in the complex is determined by adding an enzyme substrate (indicator
system) to the well and incubating while a color reaction occurs. The enzyme
substrate reaction will result in a yellow colored product, which is measured
in a spectrophotometer adjusted to a wavelength of 405 nanometers with a side
band adjusted to 630 nanometers.

## Data Processing and Editing

Blood specimens were processed, stored and shipped to Viral and Rickettsial
Disease Laboratory, California State Department of Health Services, Berkeley,
California for analysis. Detailed specimen collection and processing
instructions are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists
Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file for detailed data processing and
editing protocols. The analytical methods are described in the Description of
the Laboratory Methodology section.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

## Analytic Notes

****

**The second day exam data was a convenience sample and thus did not have
sample weights.** The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted
with the key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES
Household Questionnaire Data files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. The Phlebotomy Examination file includes auxiliary information
such as the conditions precluding venipuncture. The Household Questionnaire
Data file and Phlebotomy Examination file may be linked to the laboratory data
file using the unique survey participant identifier SEQN.  
  
**LB2RUIU - Rubella International Units  
**  
Rubella antibody data are reported both as an optical density index that is
converted to International Units using the following formula:  
LB2RUIU (Rubella_Units) = ((65.93928)x((Rubella_Index))x(0.177)))+ 1.28060  
  
The Rubella index is calculated by subtracting the absorbance of the control
well from the absorbance of the antigen well (AG-NS) and dividing the
difference by the cut-off value. The cut-off value is calculated as the mean
AG-NS value of duplicate 10 IU standards. The equation used is: O.D. index =
(AG-NS)/Cut-off value  
  
International Units are calculated based on a standard curve using a
regression analysis of duplicate AG-NS values of 10, 40, & 100 IU standards
and their squares. An International Unit value greater than or equal to 10 is
considered significant for Rubella.  
  
**Interpretation of Results  
**1\. An O.D. Index of >= 1.0 indicates the presence of antibody.  
2\. An O.D. Index of <1.0 indicates that antibody was not detected.  
3\. An International Unit value of 10 or greater is considered significant for  
Â Â Â Rubella.Â

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS

### LB2DAY - Days between 1st and 2nd exam

Variable Name:

    LB2DAY
SAS Label:

    Days between 1st and 2nd exam 
English Text:

    The number of days between the collection of the first and second exam
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6 to 45 | Range of Values | 375 | 375 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 375 |   
  
### LB2ME - Measles

Variable Name:

    LB2ME
SAS Label:

    Measles
English Text:

    Measles
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Hard Edits:

    0 to 99.99
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 29.27 | Range of Values | 375 | 375 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 375 |   
  
### LB2RU - Rubella

Variable Name:

    LB2RU
SAS Label:

    Rubella
English Text:

    Rubella
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Hard Edits:

    0 to 9999.99
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.01 to 19.3 | Range of Values | 375 | 375 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 375 |   
  
### LB2RUIU - Rubella antibody (international units)

Variable Name:

    LB2RUIU
SAS Label:

    Rubella antibody (international units)
English Text:

    Rubella antibody (international units) 
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Hard Edits:

    0 to 9999
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 227 | Range of Values | 375 | 375 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 375 |   
  
### LB2VAR - Varicella

Variable Name:

    LB2VAR
SAS Label:

    Varicella
English Text:

    Varicella
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Hard Edits:

    0 to 9999.99
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.01 to 29.33 | Range of Values | 375 | 375 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 375 | 

