

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXBVPH - PH of Bacterial Vaginosis Specimen
    * LBXTV - Trichomonas Vaginalis
    * LBXBV - Bacterial Vaginosis

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2003-2004 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Bacterial vaginosis (BV) & Trichomonas vaginalis (l34_c)

####  Data File: l34_c.xpt

#####  First Published: June 2005

#####  Last Revised: October 2010

## Component Description

Bacterial vaginosis (BV) and trichomoniasis are two of the most common vaginal
conditions affecting women of childbearing age.  In the United States, BV
varies depending on the population studied, from 17% in some prenatal and
family planning settings to 37% in STD clinics.  The same is true for
trichomoniasis, with between 3% and 48% of sexually active women diagnosed in
various clinical settings.  Recent studies have linked BV to adverse pregnancy
and gynecologic outcomes, such as preterm labor and delivery, low birth
weight, premature rupture of membranes, post-Cesarean endometritis, and post-
abortal and post-hysterectomy infections.  Also, trichomoniasis has been
associated with preterm labor, preterm delivery, and low birth weight.  More
recently, both BV and trichomoniasis have been linked to an increased risk of
HIV acquisition and transmission.  However, no national surveillance system
exists to measure the full burden of these two diseases, and no reliable
national population estimate of BV or trichomoniasis exists.  NHANES offers a
unique opportunity to assess the prevalence of BV and Trichomonas vaginalis
infections in the general population, to identify and confirm risk factors,
and to monitor trends in prevalence as detection and treatment programs are
established and expanded.

## Eligible Sample

Female participants aged 18 to 49 years. Data for female participants aged 14
to 17 years are released in the Rearch Data Center.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Bacterial vaginosis**

After the slide was gram stained the slide was scanned under a microscope
using low power objective to locate clusters of epithelial cells. The flora in
these areas was noted. The oil immersion lens (x1000) was switched and between
10 and 20 representative fields was examined to observe cell morphology and
gram reaction. The BV score was calculated by Nugent's method. Briefly, the
average number of lactobacillary morphotypes per oil immersion field was
quantitated. These organisms were usually filamentous, gram positive rods of
varying length that often form chains, but occasionally, they stained gram
negative. Also, the average number of Gardnerella spp. and anaerobic gram
negative rods were quantitated. These may appear as small, gram variable
pleomorphic coccobacilli. Finally, the amount of Mobiluncus morphotypes
present was quantitated. They are often thin, wispy, eyelash-like faintly
staining curved gram negative rods. Alternatively they may be much smaller
"banana-like" forms with pointed ends. Occasionally, they may stain gram
positive. These bacteria were often absent from gram stain smears of patients
with other bacterial morphotypes. The relative amounts of each of the three
classes of observed morphotypes was reported. Each morphotype was quantitated
from 0 to 4+ with regard to the numbers of organisms present per oil immersion
field as described in Table 1.

Table 1 Calculating Individual Scores Based upon Morphotype | NONE | <1 | 4-Jan | 30-May | >30  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Lactobacilli spp | 4 | 3 | 2 | 1 | 0  
Gardnerella& anaerobic GNR | 0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4  
Mobiluncus spp | 0 | 1 | 1 | 2 | 2  
  
**_Trichomonas vaginalis_**

During PCR testing, Taq polymerase and DNA primers complementary to a unique
sequence of target DNA were used to greatly amplify that region if the target
was present in the sample. This greatly enhanced the sensitivity of assays
used to detect that specific sequence of DNA. After a series of successive
cycles of amplification, the presence of double stranded DNA product was
visualized on agarose gels stained with ethidium bromide. Specificity of the
product was confirmed with hybridization to a labeled probe. Samples were
tested for the presence of amplifiable DNA and absence of inhibitors by
performing beta globin PCR. Beta globin is common to all mammalian cells and
it is reasonable to expect that some human cells will be present in the
sample. If the presence of beta globin couldn't be demonstrated, the validity
of the sample wasn't determined.

_Trichomonas vaginalis_ , a sexually transmitted human parasite, was detected
by performing PCR with primers from a region of the 18S rRNA gene that produce
a 312 base pair product. The specificity of the product was confirmed by
hybridization to a digoxigenin-labeled probe according to the method described
in Boehringer Mannhein's Genius System User's Guide for Filter Hybridization.

## Data Processing and Editing

Vaginal swabs were processed, stored and shipped to Magee-Women's Hospital,
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Detailed specimen collection and processing
instructions are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists
Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file for detailed data processing and
editing protocols. The analytical methods are described in the Description of
the Laboratory Methodology section.

There are no calculated variables, any top coding, fill values, or minimal
detectable limits in this data file.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted with the key survey
design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES Household Questionnaire
Data Files contain demographic data, health indicators, and other related
information collected during household interviews. They also contain all
survey design variables and sample weights for these age groups. The
phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such as the conditions
precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and phlebotomy files may
be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique survey participant
identifier SEQN.

Final BV score and interpretative reporting:

BV score     Intrepretation  
0-3             "Normal vaginal flora"  
4-6             "Intermediate"  
7-10           "Indicative of Bacterial Vaginosis"

The results of the Trichomonas PCR test will be finalized as follows:

A sample will be considered positive if it yields a 102 base pair fragment
after PCR amplification that is recognized by the Trichomonas specific DNA
probe upon Southern blot hybridization.

A sample will be considered negative if it does not yield the 102 base pair
fragment after PCR amplification, or when the PCR product's identity cannot be
confirmed by Southern blot hybridization.

A sample will be considered uninterpretable if the specimen was found to be
both Trichomonas and Beta globulin negative by PCR. This can be due to either
the presence of inhibitors or the lack of DNA or both.

**Data Access**

Public data file includes BV and TV data for persons 18-59 years of age. BV
and TV data for youth adolescents 14-17 years of age are available through the
Research Data Center (RDC) or through special agreement.  
****

**Collaborators may obtain the NHANES Adolescent BV and TV Special Use Data
File through a special agreement. Other interested researchers may access
these data through the NCHS RDC.  
**

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Females only 14 YEARS - 49 YEARS

### LBXBVPH - PH of Bacterial Vaginosis Specimen

Variable Name:

    LBXBVPH
SAS Label:

    PH of Bacterial Vaginosis Specimen
English Text:

    PH of Bacterial Vaginosis Specimen
Target:

     Females only 14 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
PH of Bacterial Vaginosis Specimen | Value was recorded | 1313 | 1313 |   
< blank > | Missing | 250 | 1563 |   
  
### LBXTV - Trichomonas Vaginalis

Variable Name:

    LBXTV
SAS Label:

    Trichomonas Vaginalis
English Text:

    Trichomonas Vaginalis 
Target:

     Females only 14 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 64 | 64 |   
2 | Negative | 1223 | 1287 |   
3 | Uninterpretable | 32 | 1319 |   
. | Missing | 244 | 1563 |   
  
### LBXBV - Bacterial Vaginosis

Variable Name:

    LBXBV
SAS Label:

    Bacterial Vaginosis
English Text:

    Bacterial Vaginosis 
Target:

     Females only 14 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 459 | 459 |   
2 | Negative | 543 | 1002 |   
3 | Intermediate | 308 | 1310 |   
4 | Lack of lactobacillis/abnormal epithelial cells | 0 | 1310 |   
5 | Lack of lactobacillis/abnormal epithelial cells and abnormal bacteria | 0 | 1310 |   
. | Missing | 253 | 1563 | 

