

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXSY1 - Syphilis IgG EIA
    * LBDSY3 - Syphilis RPR Titer Level
    * LBDSY4 - Syphilis TP-PA

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2003-2004 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Syphilis-IgG, Syphilis Rapid Plasma Reagin (RPR) & Treponema pallidum
Particle Agglutination (TP-PA) (L36_C)

####  Data File: L36_C.xpt

##### First Published: January 2006

##### Last Revised: April 2006

## Component Description

Although there has been a marked decrease in the number of primary and
secondary syphilis cases in the United States, there has been very little
decrease in the number of reported cases of late latent and tertiary syphilis
over the past 20 years. This suggests that there may be a large pool of
infected but asymptomatic persons. Although the primary and secondary stages
of syphilis are infectious and associated with fetal wastage and the
congenital syphilis syndrome, the tertiary stage is associated with a
vasculitis that may cause neurologic and cardiovascular manifestations and
other chronic problems. Similarly, primary and secondary syphilis increase the
risk of HIV acquisition and transmission, while latent disease may be
associated with the progression of HIV disease to AIDS and more prominent
neurologic disease in HIV-infected persons. Despite the importance of syphilis
as a risk factor for both chronic disease and the progression of HIV
infection, there has not been a population-based measure of syphilis
prevalence for the United States since 1980\. Because these are often
asymptomatic stages of infection and may lead to severe neurologic or
cardiovascular complications, it is important to document a decrease in the
late stages of syphilis that have resulted from our extraordinary efforts to
reduce primary and secondary syphilis. NHANES offers a unique opportunity to
estimate the prevalence of reactive serologic tests as an estimate of the
prevalence of syphilis infections in the general population, to identify and
confirm risk factors for syphilis, to confirm the risk for HIV infection and
HIV-related neurologic disease among Americans with syphilis, and to monitor
trends in prevalence as syphilis detection and treatment programs are
established and expanded.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 18–49 years were tested.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Syphilis-G enzyme immunoassay (EIA)**

The Captia Syphilis-G enzyme immunoassay (EIA) is an indirect method for the
detection of IgG antibodies to _Treponema pallidum._ Currently, CDC recommends
that the test be used in the clinical laboratory as a confirmatory test for
the diagnosis of syphilis. However, the test may be used as a screening test
and is FDA-approved for such use in clinical laboratories and blood banks. _T.
pallidum_ antigens are coated onto the wells of a 96-well microtiter plate. A
dilution of the patient’s serum is added to the well to allow any _T.
pallidum_ -specific antibodies present to bind to the treponemal antigens.
Biotinylated anti-human IgG labeled with strepavidin-peroxidase is used to
detect the patient’s antibody. After rinsing off the excess antibodies, an
enzyme substrate is added for detection. If the patient has antibodies to _T.
pallidum_ , a color reaction takes place. The intensity of the color
development is proportional to the amount of antibody present. This color
change can then be read using a plate reader, which eliminates subjective
interpretation of the results.

**Rapid plasma reagin (RPR)**

The Rapid plasma reagin (RPR) 18-mm circle card test is a macroscopic,
nontreponemal flocculation card test used to screen for syphilis. The antigen
is prepared from a modified Venereal Disease Research Laboratory (VDRL)
antigen suspension containing choline chloride to eliminate the need to heat-
inactivate serum, ethylene-diamine-tetra-acetic acid (EDTA) to enhance the
stability of the suspension, and finely divided charcoal particles as a
visualizing agent. In the test, the RPR antigen is mixed with unheated or
heated serum or with unheated plasma on a plastic-coated card. The RPR test
measures IgM and IgG antibodies to lipoidal material released from damaged
host cells, as well as to lipoprotein-like material and possibly cardiolipin
released from the treponemes. The anti-lipoidal antibodies are antibodies that
are produced not only as a consequence of syphilis and other treponemal
diseases, but also in response to nontreponemal diseases of an acute and
chronic nature in which tissue damage occurs. If antibodies are present, they
combine with the lipid particles of the antigen, causing them to agglutinate.
The charcoal particles coagglutinate with the antibodies and show up as black
clumps against the white card. If antibodies are not present, the test mixture
is uniformly gray. The test can be purchased in kit form or in component parts
from many commercial sources. Without some other evidence for the diagnosis of
syphilis, a reactive nontreponemal test does not confirm _T. pallidum_
infection.

_Treponema pallidum_ particle agglutination (TP-PA)

The Serodia TP-PA test is a treponemal test for the serologic detection of
antibodies to the various species and subspecies of pathogenic _Treponema_ ,
the causative agents of syphilis, yaws, pinta, bejel, and endemic syphilis.
The test is a passive agglutination procedure based on the agglutination of
gel particles sensitized with _T. pallidum_ antigens by antibodies found in
the patient's serum. The test is intended as a confirmatory test to replace
the microhemagglutination assay for antibodies to _T. pallidum_ (MHA-TP).

Serum containing antibodies to pathogenic treponemes reacts with gel particles
sensitized with sonicated _T. pallidum_ , Nichols strain (the antigen), to
form a smooth mat of agglutinated gel particles in the microtiter tray well.
If antibodies are not present, the particles settle to the bottom of the tray
well, forming a characteristic compact button of unagglutinated particles. The
unsensitized gel particle control well for each serum should also show this
compact button or the absence of agglutination.

The TP-PA test is used to confirm the reactive results of a nontreponemal
screening test for syphilis, such as the VDRL slide test, or as a diagnostic
test in patients with a nonreactive nontreponemal test but with signs or
symptoms suggestive of late syphilis.

There were no changes to equipment, lab methods, or lab site from the previous
2 years of NHANES. A detailed description of the laboratory method used can be
found on the NHANES website.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES LPM. Read the
LABDOC file for detailed QA/QC protocols.

A detailed description of the quality assurance and quality control procedures
can be found on the NHANES website.

## Data Processing and Editing

Serum specimens were processed, stored and shipped to Division of STD
Prevention Laboratory, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD, and
TB Prevention, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA.
Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are discussed in the
NHANES LPM. Read the LABDOC file for detailed data processing and editing
protocols. The analytical methods are described in the Description of the
Laboratory Methodology section.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing can be found on
the NHANES website.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 2003–2004 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 2003–2004
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain all survey design variables and sample weights
for these age groups. The phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such
as the conditions precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and
phlebotomy files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier SEQN.

**Testing algorithm for NHANES specimens**

All serum specimens were tested for IgG antibody by the EIA assay. If results
of this assay were positive or equivocal, the specimens were tested using the
RPR test. If the RPR test was nonreactive or had a titer < 1:8, the TP-PA test
was performed on the sample.

Suggested interpretation of laboratory results:

LBXSY1 = Syphilis-G enzyme immunoassay (EIA)  
LBDSY3 = Rapid plasma reagin (RPR)  
LBDSY4 = Treponema pallidum particle agglutination (TP-PA)

Positive serologic evidence of syphilis, more likely recent infection:

(LBXSY1 = 1 or LBXSY1 = 3) and (LBDSY3 ≥ 8)

Positive serologic evidence of syphilis, more likely remote infection:

(LBXSY1 = 1 or LBXSY1 = 3) and  
(0 ≤  LBDSY3 < 8) and (LBDSY4 = 1)

No serologic evidence of syphilis infection:

LBXSY1 = 2  
or  
(LBXSY1 = 1 or LBXSY1 = 3) and (0 ≤ LBDSY3 < 8) and  
(LBDSY4 = 2)

## References

  * Belisle JT, Brandt ME, et al. Fatty acids of Treponema pallidum and Borrelia burgdorferi lipoproteins. J Bacteriol. 1994;176:2151–2157.
  * Catterall, RD. Presidential address to the M.S.S.V.D.: Systemic disease and the biological false-positive reaction. Br J Vener Dis. 1972;48:1–12.
  * Deguchi M, Hosotsubo H, Yamashita N, Ohmine T, Asari S. Evaluation of gelatin particle agglutination method for detection of Treponema pallidum antibody. J Japanese Assoc. Inf Dis. 1994; 68:1271–1277.
  * Lefevre JC, Bertrand MA, Bauriaud R. Evaluation of the Captia enzyme immunoassays for detection of immunoglobulins G and M to Treponema pallidum in syphilis. J Clin Microbiol. 1990;28:1704–1707.
  * Matthews HM, Yang TK, Jenkin HM. Unique lipid composition of Treponema pallidum (Nichols virulent strain). Infect Immun. 1979;24:713–719.
  * Nayar R, Campos JM. Evaluation of the DCL Syphilis-G enzyme immunoassay test kit for the serologic diagnosis of syphilis. Amer J Clin Pathol. 1993;99:282–285.
  * Pope V, Fears MB, Morrill WE, Castro A, Kikkert SE. 2000. Comparison of the Serodia Treponema pallidum particle agglutination, Captia Syphilis-G, and SpiroTek Reagin II tests with standard test techniques for diagnosis of syphilis. J Clin Microbiol. 38:2543–2545.
  * Pope V, Fears MB. Captia Syphilis-G: an enzyme immunoassay for treponemal antibodies. In: Larsen SA, Pope V, Johnson RE, Kennedy EJ (ed.) A manual of tests for syphilis. American Public Health Association, Washington, DC. 1998:332–345.
  * Pope V, Fears MB. Serodia Treponema pallidum passive particle agglutination (TP-PA) test, In: Larsen SA, Pope V, Johnson, RE, and Kennedy EJ, Jr. (eds). A Manual of Tests for Syphilis, Supplement. American Public Health Association, Washington, DC. 2000:363–378.
  * Portnoy J, Brewer JH, Harris A. Rapid plasma reagin card test for syphilis and other treponematoses. Public Health Rep. 1962;77:645–652.
  * Portnoy J. A note on the performance of modifications of the rapid plasma reagin (RPR) card test for syphilis, for use in large scale testing. Public Hlth Lab. 1965;23:43.
  * Portnoy J. Modifications of the rapid plasma reagin (RPR) card test for syphilis, for use in large scale testing. Am J Clin Pathol. 1963;40:473–479.
  * RPR Macro-Vue Card Test - Procedures Manual. Hynson Westcott and Dunning: Baltimore, MD 1977.
  * Silletti RP. Comparison of CAPTIA Syphilis G enzyme immunoassay with rapid plasma reagin test for detection of syphilis. J Clin Microbiol. 1995;33:1829–1831.
  * Young H, Moyes A, Ross JD. Markers of past syphilis in HIV infection comparing Captia Syphilis G anti-treponemal IgG enzyme immunoassay with other treponemal antigen tests. Int J STD AIDS. 1995;6:101–104.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 49 YEARS

### LBXSY1 - Syphilis IgG EIA

Variable Name:

    LBXSY1
SAS Label:

    Syphilis IgG EIA
English Text:

    Syphilis IgG EIA
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 53 | 53 |   
2 | Negative | 2676 | 2729 |   
3 | Indeterminate | 10 | 2739 |   
. | Missing | 237 | 2976 |   
  
### LBDSY3 - Syphilis RPR Titer Level

Variable Name:

    LBDSY3
SAS Label:

    Syphilis RPR Titer Level
English Text:

    Syphilis RPR (rapid plasmin test) titer level
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 32 | Range of Values | 63 | 63 |   
. | Missing | 2913 | 2976 |   
  
### LBDSY4 - Syphilis TP-PA

Variable Name:

    LBDSY4
SAS Label:

    Syphilis TP-PA
English Text:

    Syphilis treponemal pallidum agglutin (TPA)
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 26 | 26 |   
2 | Negative | 32 | 58 |   
3 | Indeterminate | 0 | 58 |   
. | Missing | 2918 | 2976 | 

