ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LB2DAY - Days between the first and second exam
    * LB2SAL - Albumin (g/dL)
    * LB2SALSI - Albumin (g/L)
    * LB2SATSI - ALT (U/L)
    * LB2SASSI - AST (U/L)
    * LB2SAPSI - Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
    * LB2SBU - Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
    * LB2SBUSI - Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
    * LB2SCA - Total calcium (mg/dL)
    * LB2SCASI - Total calcium (mmol/L)
    * LB2SCH - Cholesterol (mg/dL)
    * LB2SCHSI - Cholesterol (mmol/L)
    * LB2SC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
    * LB2SGTSI - GGT (U/L)
    * LB2SGL - Glucose (mg/dL)
    * LB2SGLSI - Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
    * LB2SIR - Iron (ug/dL)
    * LB2SIRSI - Iron (umol/L)
    * LB2SLDSI - LDH (U/L)
    * LB2SPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)
    * LB2SPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)
    * LB2STB - Bilirubin, total (mg/dL)
    * LB2STBSI - Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
    * LB2STP - Protein, total (g/dL)
    * LB2STPSI - Total protein (g/L)
    * LB2STR - Triglycerides (mg/dL)
    * LB2STRSI - Triglycerides (mmol/L)
    * LB2SUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)
    * LB2SUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)
    * LB2SCR - Creatinine (mg/dL)
    * LB2SCRSI - Creatinine (umol/L)
    * LB2SNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)
    * LB2SKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)
    * LB2SCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)
    * LB2FSH - Follicle stimulating hormone (mIU/mL)
    * LB2FSHSI - Follicle stimulating hormone (IU/L)
    * LB2LH - Luteinizing hormone (mIU/mL)
    * LB2LHSI - Luteinizing hormone (IU/L)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2001-2002 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Standard Biochemistry Profile, Follicle Stimulating Hormone & Luteinizing
Hormone, Second Exam (L40_2_B)

####  Data File: L40_2_B.xpt

#####  First Published: December 2008

#####  Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

**Second Day Exams**

See the general documentation on second day laboratory exams. Also, see the
documentation for the primary exam data for laboratory 40 for 2001-2002.

**Standard Biochemistry Profile**

This battery of measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
certain liver, heart, and kidney diseases, acid-base imbalance in the
respiratory and metabolic systems, other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrine disorders as well as other metabolic or nutritional
disorders.

**Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)**

Alanine aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment
of certain liver diseases (e.g., viral hepatitis and cirrhosis) and heart
diseases. Elevated levels of the transaminases can indicate myocardial
infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage. Serum
elevations of ALT activity are rarely observed except in parenchymal liver
disease, since ALT is a more liver-specific enzyme than asparate
aminotransferase (AST).

**Albumin**

Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous
diseases primarily involving the liver or kidneys.

**Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)**

Increased ALP activity is associated with two groups of diseases: those
affecting liver function and those involving osteoblastic activity in the
bones. In hepatic disease, an increase in ALP activity is generally accepted
as an indication of biliary obstruction. An increase in serum phosphatase
activity is associated with primary hyperparathyroidism, secondary
hyperparathyroidism owing to chronic renal disease, rickets, and osteitis
deformans juvenilia due to vitamin D deficiency and malabsorption or renal
tubular dystrophies. Increased levels of ALP are also associated with Von
Recklinghausen's disease with bone involvement and malignant infiltrations of
bone. Low levels are associated with hyperthyroidism, and with the rare
condition of idiopathic hypophosphatasia associated with rickets and the
excretion of excess phosphatidyl ethanolamine in the urine.

**Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)**

AST measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of
liver and heart disease. Elevated levels of the transaminases can signal
myocardial infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage.

**Bicarbonate (HCO3)**

Together with pH determination, bicarbonate measurements are used in the
diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated
with acid-base imbalance in the respiratory and metabolic systems.

**Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)**

BUN measurements are used in the diagnosis of certain renal and metabolic
diseases. The determination of serum urea nitrogen is the most widely used
test for the evaluation of kidney function. The test is frequently requested
in conjunction with the serum Creatinine test for the differential diagnosis
of prerenal, renal, and postrenal uremia. High BUN levels are associated with
impaired renal function, increased protein catabolism, nephritis, intestinal
obstruction, urinary obstruction, metallic poisoning, cardiac failure,
peritonitis, dehydration, malignancy, pneumonia, surgical shock, Addison's
disease, and uremia. Low BUN levels are associated with amyloidosis, acute
liver disease, pregnancy, and nephrosis. Normal variations are observed
according to a person's age and sex, the time of day, and diet, particularly
protein intake.

**Calcium**

Elevated total serum calcium levels are associated with idiopathic
hypercalcemia, vitamin D intoxication, hyperparathyroidism, sarcoidosis,
pneumocystic carinii pneumonia, and blue diaper syndrome. Low calcium levels
are associated with hypoparathyroidism, pseudo-hypoparathyroidism, chronic
renal failure, rickets, infantile tetany, and steroid therapy.

**Cholesterol**

An elevated cholesterol level is associated with diabetes, nephrosis,
hypothyroidism, biliary obstruction, and those rare cases of idiopathic
hypercholesterolemia and hyperlipidemia; low levels are associated with
hyperthyroidism, hepatitis, and sometimes severe anemia or infection.

**Creatinine**

Creatinine measurement serves as a test for normal glomerular filtration.
Elevated levels are associated with acute and chronic renal insufficiency and
urinary tract obstruction. Levels below 0.6 mg/dL are of no significance.

**Gamma Glutamyl Transaminase (GGT)**

GT measurement is principally used to diagnose and monitor hepatobiliary
disease. It is currently the most sensitive enzymatic indicator of liver
disease, with normal values rarely found in the presence of hepatic disease.
It is also used as a sensitive  
screening test for occult alcoholism. Elevated levels are found in patients
who chronically take drugs such as phenobarbital and phenytoin.

**Glucose**

Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic
islet cell carcinoma and of carbohydrate metabolism disorders, including
diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia.

**Iron**

Iron (non-heme) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
diseases such as iron deficiency anemia, chronic renal disease, and
hemochromatosis (a disease associated with widespread deposit in the tissues
of two iron-containing pigments, hemosiderin and hemofuscin, and characterized
by pigmentation of the skin).

**Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)**

LDH measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases
such as acute viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, and metastatic carcinoma of the
liver; cardiac diseases such as myocardial infarction; and tumors of the lungs
or kidneys.

**Phosphorus**

There is a reciprocal relationship between serum calcium and inorganic
phosphorus. Any increase in the level of inorganic phosphorus causes a
decrease in the calcium level by a mechanism not clearly understood.
Hyperphosphatemia is associated with vitamin D hypervitaminosis,
hypoparathyroidism, and renal failure. Hypophosphatemia is associated with
rickets, hyperparathyroidism, and Fanconi syndrome. Measurements of inorganic
phosphorus are used in the diagnosis and treatment of various disorders,
including parathyroid gland, kidney diseases, and vitamin D imbalance.

**Sodium, Potassium, and Chloride**

Hyponatremia (low serum sodium level) is associated with a variety of
conditions, including severe polyuria, metabolic acidosis, Addison's disease,
diarrhea, and renal tubular disease. Hypernatremia (increased serum sodium
level) is associated with Cushing's syndrome, severe dehydration due to
primary water loss, certain types of brain injury, diabetic coma after therapy
with insulin, and excess treatment with sodium salts.  
Hypokalemia (low serum potassium level) is associated with body potassium
deficiency, excessive potassium loss caused by prolonged diarrhea or prolonged
periods of vomiting and increased secretion of mineral corticosteroids.
Hyperkalemia (increased serum potassium level) is associated with oliguria,
anuria, and urinary obstruction.

Low serum chloride values are associated with salt-losing nephritis,
Addisonian crisis, prolonged vomiting, and metabolic acidosis caused by
excessive production or diminished excretion of acids. High serum chloride
values are associated with dehydration and conditions causing decreased renal
blood flow, such as congestive heart failure.

**Total Bilirubin**

Elevated levels are associated with hemolytic jaundice, paroxysmal
hemoglobinuria, pernicious anemia, polycythemia, icterus neonatorum, internal
hemorrhage, acute hemolytic anemia, malaria, and septicemia. Low bilirubin
levels are associated with aplastic anemia, and certain types of secondary
anemia resulting from toxic therapy for carcinoma and chronic nephritis.

**Total Protein**

Total protein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of a
variety of diseases involving the liver, kidney, or bone marrow, as well as
other metabolic or nutritional disorders.

**Triglycerides**

Triglyceride measurements are used in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus,
nephrosis, liver obstruction, and other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrine disorders and in the treatment of patients with these
diseases.

**Uric Acid**

Uric acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous
renal and metabolic disorders, including renal failure, gout, leukemia,
psoriasis, starvation, or other wasting conditions and in the treatment of
patients receiving cytotoxic drugs.

**Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH) and Luteinizing Hormone (LH)**

Serum FSH and LH levels and questionnaire data on menstrual history will be
used to classify women according to menopausal status. This information and
data on exogenous hormone use are important for evaluating women's risk for
certain health conditions such as cardiovascular disease and osteoporosis (see
reproductive health questionnaire section).

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 12 year and older are tested.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Coulston Foundation Biochemistry Profile method**

The 21 analytes described in this method constitute the routine biochemistry
profile. The analyses are performed with a Hitachi Model 704 multichannel
analyzer (Boehringer Mannheim Diagnostics, Indianapolis, IN). Each analyte is
described separately within each pertinent section of this document. NOTE:
Glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides were analyzed as part of this profile,
but the results do not replace the formalized reference methods data from
NHANES 1999-2000 samples analyzed at other institutions.

**Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)**

α-Ketoglutarate reacts with L-alanine in the presence of ALT to form
L-glutamate plus pyruvate. The indicator reaction utilizes the pyruvate for a
kinetic determination of NADH consumption. As a group the transaminases
catalyze the interconversion of amino acids and α-ketoacids by transfer of
amino groups.

**Albumin**

At the reaction pH, the bromcresol purple (BCP) in the Boehringer Manneheim
Diagnostics (BMD) albumin system reagent binds selectively with albumin. This
reaction is based on a modification of a method described by Doumas. Although
BCP is structurally similar to the conventional bromcresol green (BCG), its pH
color change interval is higher (5.2 - 6.8) than the color change interval for
BCG (3.8 - 5.4), thus reducing the number of weak electrostatic dye/protein
interactions. The BCP system eliminates many of the nonspecific reactions with
other serum proteins with the increased pH. In addition, the use of a sample
blank eliminates background spectral interferences not completely removed by
bichromatic analyses.

**Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)**

p-Nitrophenylphosphate is hydrolyzed in the presence of magnesium ions by
phosphatase to phosphate and p-nitrophenol. The rate of p-nitrophenol
liberation is proportional to the alkaline phosphatase activity and can be
measured photometrically.

**Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)**

α-Ketoglutarate reacts with L-aspartate in the presence of AST to form
L-glutamate plus oxaloacetate. The indicator reaction utilizes the
oxaloacetate for a kinetic determination of NADH consumption. As a group the
transaminases catalyze the interconversion of amino acids and a-ketoacids by
transfer of amino groups.

**Bicarbonate (HCO3)**

Bicarbonate reacts with phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) in the presence of PEPC to
produce oxaloacetate and phosphate. The resultant consumption of NADH causes a
decrease in absorbance in the UV range (320 to 400 nm). The rate of change in
absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of bicarbonate in the
sample being assayed.

**Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)**

Urea is hydrolyzed by urease to form CO2 and ammonia. The ammonia formed then
reacts with a-ketoglutarate and NADH in the presence of GLDH to yield
glutamate and NAD+. The decrease in absorbance due to consumption of NADH is
measured kinetically.

**Calcium**

Calcium reacts with o-cresolphthalein complexone in the presence of
8-hydroxyquinoline to form a purple chromophore. The intensity of the final
color reaction is proportional to the amount of calcium in the specimen.

O-Cresolphthalein complexone offers a rapid, specific, and sensitive method
for the quantitative determination of calcium in serum. This method and other
compleximetric methods for the determination of calcium, which are derived
from the work of Schwarzenbach, are less tedious than the classic permanganate
reference procedures. In 1966, Connerty and Briggs devised a manual
photometric method using o-cresolphthalein complexone with protein
precipitation to release bound calcium and 8-hydroxyquinoline to mask the
interference by magnesium. Sarkar and Chauhan introduced a direct
determination of serum calcium in 1967 and modified by Baginski et al in 1973.
Others have adapted this method for use with automated analyzers.

**Cholesterol**

All cholesterol esters present in serum or plasma are hydrolyzed
quantitatively into free cholesterol and fatty acids by microbial cholesterol
esterase. In the presence of oxygen, free cholesterol is oxidized by
cholesterol oxidase to cholest-4-en-3-one. The H2O2 reacts in the presence of
peroxidase (POD) with phenol and 4-aminophenazone to form a 0-quinone imine
dye. The intensity of the color formed is proportional to the cholesterol
concentration and can be measured photometrically.

**Creatinine**

This method, which uses the Jaffe reaction, is based on the work of Popper,
Seeling, and Wuest. This modification resulted in higher sensitivity and
better precision when compared to the original Jaffe method. In an alkaline
medium, creatinine forms a yellow-orange-colored complex with picric acid. The
rate of color formation is proportional to the concentration of creatinine
present and may be measured photometrically.

**Gamma Glutamyl Transaminase (GGT)**

The g-GT activity at both normal and abnormal levels measured with g-glutamyl-
p-nitroanilide and its carboxy derivative was identical. The procedure
described below is based on the studies of Persijn and van der Slik using the
readily soluble L-g-glutamyl-3-carboxy-4-nitroanilide as the substrate for
g-GT activity determinations. The rate of 5-amino-2-nitrobenzoate liberation
is proportional to g-GT activity and can be measured photometrically.

**Glucose**

The glucose hexokinase method described here, based on the work of Schmidt and
Peterson and Young, has long been recognized as the most specific method for
the determination of glucose. Hexokinase catalyzes the phosphorylation of
glucose by ATP; G-6-P is oxidized to 6-phosphogluconate in the presence of
NADP by the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. No other carbohydrate is
oxidized.  
The amount of NADPH formed during the reaction is equivalent to the amount of
D-glucose in the specimen and can be measured photometrically by the increase
in absorbance.

**Iron**

Fe3+ is separated from transferrin by means of guanidin-ium chloride in the
weakly acidic pH range and reduced to Fe2+ with ascorbic acid. Fe2+ then forms
a colored complex with ferrozine.

**Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)**

The LD reaction proceeds as follows: NAD and lactate are converted in
equimolar amounts at the same rate. The rate at which NADH is formed is
determined by an increase in absorbance and is directly proportional to enzyme
activity.

**Phosphorus**

Inorganic phosphorus reacts with ammonium molybdate in an acidic solution to
form ammonium phosphomolybdate with a formula of (NH4) 3 [PO4 (MoO3)12]. The
ammonium phosphomolybdate is quantified in the ultraviolet range (340 nm),
utilizing a sample blanked endpoint method.

**Sodium, Potassium, and Chloride**

An Ion-Selective Electrode (ISE) makes use of the unique properties of certain
membrane materials to develop an electrical potential (electromotive force,
EMF) for the measurements of ions in solution. The electrode has a selective
membrane in contact with both the test solution and an internal filling
solution. The internal filling solution contains the test ion at a fixed
concentration. Because of the particular nature of the membrane, the test ions
will closely associate with the membrane on each side. The membrane EMF is
determined by the difference in concentration of the test ion in the test
solution and the internal filling solution. The EMF develops according to the
Nernst equation for a specific ion in solution:

(1) E = Eo + x ln

Where:  
E = electrode EMF  
Eo = standard EMF  
R = constant  
T = temperature  
n = charge of the ion  
F = Faraday's constant  
ln = natural logarithm (base e)  
f = activity coefficient  
Ct = ion concentration in test solution  
Ci = ion concentration in internal filling solution

For sodium, potassium, and chloride, which all carry a single charge, R, T, n,
and F are combined into a single value referred to as the slope (S). For
determinations on the Roche/Hitachi ISE Modules where the sample is diluted
1:31, the ionic strength, and therefore, the activity coefficient are
essentially constant. (For the Roche/Hitachi 736 ISE Module the sample is
diluted 1:16). The concentration of the test ion in the internal filling
solution is also constant. These constants may be combined into the Eo term.
The value of Eo is also specific for the type of reference electrode used.
Equation (1) can be rewritten to reflect these conditions:

(2) E = E'o + S x ln (Ct)

The complete measurement system for a particular ion includes the ISE, a
reference electrode, and electronic circuits to measure and process the EMF to
give the test ion concentration. The direct-liquid-junction type reference
electrode renews the reference electrode solution before and after sample
measurement. The electromotive force is then measured to prevent drift.

The type of ISE used on the ISE Module is classified as the liquid/liquid
junction type. The sodium and potassium electrodes are based on neutral
carriers and the chloride electrode is based on an ion exchanger.  
Sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism
(excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic
excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst),
adrenal hypertension, Addison's disease (caused by destruction of the adrenal
glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or other
diseases involving electrolyte imbalance. Potassium measurements are used to
monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease
conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels. Chloride
measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and
metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

**Total Bilirubin**

Total bilirubin is coupled with a diazonium salt (DPD) in a strongly acid
medium (pH 1 to 2). The intensity of the color of the azobilirubin produced is
proportional to the total bilirubin concentration and can be measured
photometrically.

**Total Protein**

Colorimetric assay  
\- Sample and addition of R1 (blank reagent)  
\- Addition of R2 (biuret reagent) and start of the reaction: Divalent copper
reacts in alkaline solution with protein peptide bonds to form the
characteristic purple-colored biuret complex. Sodium potassium tartrate
prevents the precipitation of copper hydroxide and potassium iodide prevents
autoreduction of copper. The color intensity is directly proportional to the
protein concentration that can be determined photometrically.

Plasma proteins are synthesized predominantly in the liver, plasma cells,
lymph nodes, and the spleen and in bone marrow. In the course of disease the
total protein concentration and also the percentage represented by individual
fractions can significantly deviate from normal values.

**Triglycerides**

The following method, while based on Wahlefeld's work, uses lipase taken from
a microorganism to promote rapid and complete hydrolysis of triglycerides to
glycerol with subsequent oxidation to dihydroxyacetone phosphate and hydrogen
peroxide. In the presence of peroxidase, the peroxide reacts with
4-aminophenazone and 4-chlorophenol in a Trinder reaction to a colorimetric
endpoint.

**Uric acid**

Uric acid is oxidized by the specific enzyme uricase to form allantoin and
H2O2. The intensity of the red color formed is proportional to the uric acid
concentration.

The test described here is the colorimetric method developed by Town, et al.
The sample is initially incubated with a reagent mixture containing ascorbate
oxidase and a clearing system. In this test system it is important that any
ascorbic acid present in the sample is eliminated in the preliminary reaction;
this precludes any ascorbic acid interference with the subsequent POD
indicator reaction. Upon addition of the starter reagent, oxidation of uric
acid by uricase begins.

**Collaborative Laboratory Services Biochemistry Profile method**

The 21 analytes described in this method constitute the routine biochemistry
profile. The analyses are performed with a Beckman Synchron LX20. Each analyte
is described separately within each pertinent section of this document. NOTE:
Glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides were analyzed as part of this profile,
but the results do not replace the formalized reference methods data from
NHANES 1999-2000 samples analyzed at other institutions.

**Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)**

The LX20 uses an enzymatic rate method to measure ALT activity in serum or
plasma. In the reaction, ALT catalyzes the reversible transamination of
L-alanine and α-ketoglutarate to pyruvate and L-glutamate. The pyruvate is
then reduced to lactate in the presence of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) with
the concurrent oxidation of NADH to NAD. The system monitors the rate of
change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval. The rate of change
in absorbance is directly proportional to the ALT activity in the sample.

**Albumin**

The method used to measure the albumin concentration on the LX20 is a
bichromatic digital endpoint method. In the reaction, the albumin combines
with Bromcresol Purple (BCP) reagent to form a complex. The system monitors
the change in absorbance at 600 nm. The change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of albumin in the sample.

**Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)**

The LX system uses an enzymatic rate using a 2-Amino-2-Methyl-1-Propanol (AMP)
buffer to measure ALP activity in serum or plasma. In the reaction, the ALP
catalyzes the hydrolysis of the colorless organic phosphate ester substrate,
p-Nitrophenylphosphate, to the yellow colored product p-Nitrophenol and
phosphate. This reaction occurs at an alkaline pH of 10.3. The system monitors
the rate of change in absorbance at 410 nm over a fixed-time interval. This
rate of change in absorbance is directly proportional to the ALP activity in
the serum.

**Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)**

The LX20 uses an enzymatic rate method to measure the AST activity in serum or
plasma. In the reaction, the AST catalyzes the reversible transamination of
L-aspartate and α-ketoglutarate to oxaloacetate and L-glutamate. The
oxaloacetate is then reduced to malate in the presence of malate dehydrogenase
with the concurrent oxidation of NADH to NAD. The system monitors the rate of
change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval. The rate of change
in absorbance is directly proportional to the AST activity in the sample.

**Bicarbonate (HCO3)**

The LX20 system uses indirect (or diluted) ISE methodology to measure the
total CO2 level in serum, plasma or urine. The system measures the rate of pH
change as CO2 ions diffuse across a membrane. The electrode used for CO2
determination is actually a pH electrode with the tip covered by a silicone
rubber membrane and lowers the pH of a bicarbonate solution between the tip of
the membrane and the tip of the pH electrode. The rate of pH change is
directly proportional to the carbon dioxide (CO2) in the sample.

**Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)**

The LX20 modular chemistry side uses the Jaffe rate method (kinetic alkaline
picrate) to determine the concentration of creatinine in serum, plasma, or
urine. A precise volume of sample is introduced into a reaction cup containing
an alkaline picrate solution. Absorbance readings are taken at both 520 nm and
560 nm. Creatinine from the sample combines with the reagent to produce a red
color complex. The observed rate measurement at 25.6 seconds after sample
introduction has been shown to be a direct measure of the concentration of the
creatinine in the sample.

**Calcium**

The LX20 system uses indirect (or diluted) ISE methodology to measure calcium
concentration in serum, plasma, or urine. The system determines calcium
concentration by measuring calcium ion activity in solution. When the sample
buffer mixture contacts the electrode, calcium ions complex with the ionophore
at the electrode surface. Changes in potential develop at the electrode
surface as the reaction occurs. These changes in potential are referenced to a
sodium reference electrode. The reference signal is used in calculating the
analyte concentrations based on the Nernst equation.

**Cholesterol**

The LX uses the timed-endpoint method to measure the cholesterol concentration
in serum or plasma. In the reaction, the cholesterol esterase hydrolyzes
cholesterol esters to free cholesterol and fatty acids. The free cholesterol
is oxidized to cholesten-3-one and hydrogen peroxide by cholesterol oxidase.
Peroxidase catalyzes the reaction of hydrogen peroxide with 4-aminoantipyrine
and phenol to produce a colored quinoneimine product. The system monitors the
change in absorbance and 520 nm at a fixed-time interval. The change in
absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of cholesterol in the
sample.

**Creatinine**

The LX20 modular chemistry side uses the Jaffe rate method (kinetic alkaline
picrate) to determine the concentration of creatinine in serum, plasma, or
urine. A precise volume of sample is introduced into a reaction cup containing
an alkaline picrate solution. Absorbance readings are taken at both 520 nm and
560 nm. Creatinine from the sample combines with the reagent to produce a red
color complex. The observed rate measurement at 25.6 seconds after sample
introduction has been shown to be a direct measure of the concentration of the
creatinine in the sample.

**Gamma Glutamyl Transaminase (GGT)**

The LX uses an enzymatic rate method to determine the GGT activity in serum or
plasma. In the reaction, the GGT catalyzes the transfer of a gamma-glutamyl
group from the colorless substrate, gamma-glutamyl-p-nitroaniline, to the
acceptor, glycylglycine with production of the colored product,
p-nitroaniline. The system monitors the rate of change in absorbance at 410 nm
over a fixed-time interval. The rate of change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the activity of GGT in the sample.

**Glucose**

On the Modular Chemistry side of the LX20, glucose concentration in biologic
fluids is determined by the oxygen rate method employing a Beckman Oxygen
electrode. A precise volume of sample is introduced in a reaction cup
containing an electrode that responds to oxygen concentration. Electronic
circuits determine the rate of oxygen consumption, which is directly
proportional to the concentration of glucose in the sample.

**Iron**

The method used to measure the iron concentration is a timed-endpoint method.
In the reaction, iron is released from transferrin by acetic acid and is
reduced to the ferrous state by hydroxylamine and thioglycolate. The ferrous
ion is immediately complexed with the FerroZine Iron Reagent. The system
monitors the change in absorbance at 560 nm at a fixed-time interval. This
change in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of iron in
the sample.

**Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)**

The LX20 with LD reagent (using lactate as substrate) utilizes an enzymatic
rate method to measure LD activity in biological fluids. In the reaction, the
LD catalyzes the reversible oxidation of L-Lactate to Pyruvate with the
concurrent reduction of ß-Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (NAD) to
ß-Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (reduced form) (NADH). The system monitors
the rate of change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval. The
rate of change in absorbance is directly proportional to the activity of LD in
the sample.

**Phosphorus**

The LX system uses a timed-rate method to determine the concentration of
phosphorus in serum, plasma and urine. In the reaction, inorganic phosphorus
reacts with ammonium molybdate in an acidic solution to form a colored
phosphomolybdate.

**Sodium, Potassium, and Chloride**

The LX system utilizes indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. methodology to determine
the concentration of sodium in biological fluids. The LX determines sodium ion
concentration by measuring electrolyte activity in solution. When the
sample/buffer mixture contacts the electrode, sodium ions undergo an ion
exchange in the hydrated outer layer of the glass electrode. As the ion
exchange takes place, a change in voltage (potential) is developed at the face
of the electrode. The potential follows the Nernst equation and allows the
calculation of sodium concentration in a solution.

The LX system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. methodology to measure
potassium in biological fluids. The system determines potassium ion
concentration by measuring electrolyte activity in solution. The potassium
electrode consists of valinomycin membrane. The voltage (potential) change
that takes place within the membrane follows the Nernst equation and allows
the calculation of potassium concentration in solution.

The LX system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. methodology to determine
chloride concentration in biological fluids. Chloride is measured using an
Ag/AgCl electrode. At the face of the electrode, solid AgCl dissolves to the
extent as to saturate the solution around the tip with silver (Ag+) and
Chloride (Cl-) ions until equilibrium is established. The product of the ion
concentrations in solution, at equilibrium, with an excess of the slightly
soluble AgCl is defined as the solubility product constant (Ksp). When
chloride sample is added, the Ksp of the solution at the tip is disrupted as
AgCl precipitates out of solution. To reestablish the equilibrium, Ag+ ions
are generated from the tip causing a change in the potential. According to the
Nernst equation, this change is proportional to the concentration of chloride
in the sample.

**Total Bilirubin**

The LX20 uses a timed-endpoint Diazo method to measure the concentration of
total bilirubin in serum or plasma. In the reaction, bilirubin reacts with
diazo reagent in the presence of caffeine, benzoate, and acetate as
accelerators to form azobilirubin. The system monitors the change in
absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed-time interval. This change in absorbance is
directly proportional to the concentration of total bilirubin in the sample.

**Total Protein**

The LX20 uses a timed rate biuret method to measure the concentration of total
protein in serum or plasma. Proteins in the sample combine with the reagent
producing alkaline copper-protein chelate. The rate change in absorbance is
monitored by a detector at 545 nm. The observed rate of chelate formation is
directly proportional to the total protein concentration in the sample.

**Triglycerides**

The LX uses a timed-endpoint method to determine the concentration of
triglycerides in serum or plasma. Triglycerides in the sample are hydrolyzed
to glycerol and free fatty acids by the action of lipase. A sequence of three
coupled enzymatic steps using glycerol kinase (GK), glycerophosphate oxidase
(GPO), and horseradish peroxidase (HPO) causes the oxidative coupling of
3,5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzenesulfonic acid (DHBS) with 4-aminoantipyrine to
form a red quinoneimine dye. The system monitors the change in absorbance at
520 nm for a fixed-time interval. The change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of triglycerides in the sample.

**Uric acid**

The LX20 uses a timed endpoint method to measure the concentration of uric
acid in serum, plasma or urine. Uric acid is oxidized by uricase to produce
allatoin and hydrogen peroxide. The hydrogen peroxide reacts with
4-aminoantipyrine (4-AAP) and 3,5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzene sulfonate (DCHBS)
in a reaction catalyzed by peroxidase to produce a colored product. The system
monitors the change in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed time interval. The
change in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of uric
acid in the sample.

**Coulston Foundation Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH)**

Human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH, follitropin) is a glycoprotein of
approximately 30,000 daltons which, like luteinizing hormone (LH, lutropin),
human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH,
thyrotropin), consists of two noncovalently associated subunits designated
alpha and beta. The alpha subunit of FSH contains 92 amino acids and is very
similar to the alpha subunits of LH, hCG, and TSH. The beta subunit of FSH is
unique and confers its immunological and functional specificity.

**Coulston Foundation Luteinizing Hormone (LH)**

The IMx LH assay is based on the Microparticle Enzyme Immunoassay (MEIA)
technology. The IMx LH reagents and sample are added to the reaction cell in
the following sequence:

The probe/electrode assembly delivers the sample and Anti-beta LH Coated
Microparticles to the incubation well of the reaction cell. The LH binds to
the Anti-beta FSH Coated Microparticles forming an antibody-antigen complex.
An aliquot of the reaction mixture containing the antibody-antigen complex
bound to the microparticles is transferred to the glass fiber matrix. The
microparticles bind irreversibly to the glass fiber matrix. The matrix is
washed with the Wash Buffer to remove unbound materials.

The Anti-alpha LH subunit specific Alkaline Phosphatase conjugated is
dispensed onto the matrix and binds with the antibody-antigen complex. The
matrix is washed to remove unbound materials. The substrate,
4-Methylumbelliferyl Phosphate, is added to the matrix and the fluorescent
product is measured by the MEIA optical assembly.

**Collaborative Laboratory Services Follicle Stimulating Hormone (FSH)**

The Access FSH assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent, two-step
enzyme immunoassay for the quantitative determination of hFSH in human serum
using the Access Immunoassay System. A sample is added to a reaction vessel
with paramagnetic particles coated with goat anti-mouse: mouse anti-hFSH
complexes and Tris buffered saline with protein. The serum hFSH binds to the
immobilized mouse anti-hFSH on the solid phase. Separation in a magnetic field
and washing removes materials not bound to the solid phase. Alkaline
phosphatase conjugated goat anti-hFSH is then added and binds to the
previously bound hFSH on the particles. A second separation and wash step
removes unbound conjugate. A chemiluminescent substrate, Lumi-Phos 530, is
added to the reaction vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured
with a luminometer. The photon production is proportional to the amount of
hFSH in the sample. The amount of analyte in the sample is determined by means
of a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

**Collaborative Laboratory Services Luteinizing Hormone (LH)**

The Access LH assay is a paramagnetic particle, chemiluminescent, two-step
enzyme immunoassay for the quantitative determination of hLH in human serum
using the Access Immunoassay System. A sample is added to a reaction vessel
with paramagnetic particles coated with goat anti-mouse: mouse anti-hLH
complexes and Tris buffered saline with protein. The serum hLH binds to the
immobilized mouse anti-hLH on the solid phase. Separation in a magnetic field
and washing removes materials not bound to the solid phase. Alkaline
phosphatase conjugated goat anti-hLH is then added and binds to the previously
bound hLH on the particles. A second separation and wash step removes unbound
conjugate. A chemiluminescent substrate, Lumi-Phos 530, is added to the
reaction vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured with a
luminometer. The photon production is proportional to the amount of hLH in the
sample. The amount of analyte in the sample is determined by means of a
stored, multi-point calibration curve.

## Data Processing and Editing

Specimens were processed, stored and shipped to Coulston Foundation,
Alamogordo, New Mexico and to Collaborative Laboratory Services in Ottumwa,
Iowa. Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are discussed
in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read
the LABDOC file for detailed data processing and editing protocols. The
analytical methods are described in the Description of the Laboratory
Methodology section.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 2001-2002 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 2001-2002
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain all survey design variables and sample weights
for these age groups. The phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such
as the conditions precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and
phlebotomy files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier SEQN.

Coulston Foundation at Alamagordo, New Mexico performed testing in 2001 and
Collaborative Laboratory Services at Ottumwa, Iowa performed testing in 2002.

**LBXSTR:**

This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXTR), rather
than the (LBXSTR) value, is generally recommended. For most analyses, the
appropriate variable to use is (LBXTR). The value from the biochemistry
profile (LBXSTR) should not be used routinely.

**LBXSCH:**

This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXTC), rather
than the (LBXSCH) value, is generally recommended. For most analyses of serum
cholesterol, the appropriate variable to use will be (LBXTC). The (LBXSCH)
value from the biochemistry profile should not be used routinely

**  LBXSGL**

This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXGLU), rather
than the (LBXSGL) value, is generally recommended. These serum glucose values
(LBXSGL) reported in this release should not be used to determine undiagnosed
diabetes or prediabetes. Instead, plasma glucose values (LBXGLU) should be
used based on the reference analytic method of this analyte. Use the special
weights included in this data file when analyzing data.

**Adjustment of Data Between the Laboratories:**

The distributions of sample person results were compared between the Coulston
Foundation Laboratory (2001) and the Collaborative Laboratory Services (2002).
The means of the sample person distributions for the two labs were compared
using a weighted t-test. Five tests including Alkaline Phosphatase,
Creatinine, Lactate Dehydrogenase, Phosphorus, and Total Bilirubin had
significantly (p<0.05) different means. A cross-over study between the two
labs was performed to establish linear regression equations to convert
Coulston Foundation Laboratory values to the Collaborative Laboratory Services
values. The regression equations were applied to the five tests and a weighted
t-test was done after regression. The weighted t-test revealed that no
significant differences (p>0.05) between the two labs after regression.  
Correction for Serum Creatinine for NHANES 2001-2002 is not necessary: Serum
creatinine is not standardized in many laboratories. The National Kidney
Disease Education Program is attempting to have all laboratories standardize
serum creatinine to reference methods (Myers, GL, et al. Recommendations for
Improving Serum Creatinine Measurement: A Report from the Laboratory Working
Group of the National Kidney Disease Education Program. Clin. Chem. 2006;
5-18). Equations for estimating glomerular filtration rate (GFR) from
standardized creatinine have been published (Stevens LA, et al. N Engl J Med.
2006 Jun 8;354(23):2473-83). Serum creatinine assays on 194 stored specimens
from NHANES 2001-2002 were used to determine if serum creatinine needed to be
adjusted when compared to a method traceable to a "gold" standard reference
method. The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (CCF) laboratory analyzed the serum
creatinine specimens using a Roche coupled enzymatic assay (creatininase,
creatinase, sarcosine oxidase, kits # 1775677 and 1775766) performed on a
Roche P Module instrument. The Roche method calibrators were traceable to an
isotope dilution mass spectrometric method for serum creatinine using standard
references methods (NIST SRM 967) and confirmed by analysis of CAP LN-24
linearity set based on NIST assigned values. Serum creatinine by the Roche
method was then compared to the original NHANES 2001-2002 measurements which
used the Jaffe kinetic alkaline picrate method performed on a Beckman LX-20
analyzer and a Roche Hitachi 917 analyzer. There were no significant
differences in results between these two measurements. The comparison of
values revealed the mean (SD) serum creatinine at NHANES, CCF, and their
difference were 0.982 (0.316), 0.987 (0.325), and 0.005 (0.060) mg/dL,
respectively (paired t-test, p=0.28). The regression of CCF (Y) on NHANES (X)
had an intercept and slope of -0.005 (0.014) and 1.010 (0.013) mg/dL and a
correlation of 0.983. The difference between the methods was within the
analytical error of the NHANES method (CV of 4.4% at 0.68 mg/dL or 0.030 mg/dL
and a CV of 2.9% at 1.26 mg/dL or 0.037 mg/dL). _**Thus, no correction is
necessary for serum creatinine values in NHANES 2001-2002.**_

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS

### LB2DAY - Days between the first and second exam

Variable Name:

    LB2DAY
SAS Label:

    Days between the first and second exam
English Text:

    The number of days between the collection of the first and second exam
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3 to 47 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SAL - Albumin (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2SAL
SAS Label:

    Albumin (g/dL)
English Text:

    Albumin (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.7 to 5.2 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SALSI - Albumin (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SALSI
SAS Label:

    Albumin (g/L)
English Text:

    Albumin (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
27 to 52 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SATSI - ALT (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SATSI
SAS Label:

    ALT (U/L)
English Text:

    Alanine aminotransferase (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6 to 232 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SASSI - AST (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SASSI
SAS Label:

    AST (U/L)
English Text:

    Aspartate aminotransferase (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
9 to 256 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SAPSI - Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SAPSI
SAS Label:

    Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
English Text:

    Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
24 to 593 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SBU - Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2SBU
SAS Label:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 58 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SBUSI - Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SBUSI
SAS Label:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.36 to 20.71 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SCA - Total calcium (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2SCA
SAS Label:

    Total calcium (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total calcium (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
8.1 to 11.4 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SCASI - Total calcium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SCASI
SAS Label:

    Total calcium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Total calcium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.025 to 2.85 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SCH - Cholesterol (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2SCH
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
72 to 342 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SCHSI - Cholesterol (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SCHSI
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.86 to 8.84 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SC3SI
SAS Label:

    Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
14 to 32 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SGTSI - GGT (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SGTSI
SAS Label:

    GGT (U/L)
English Text:

    Gamma glutamyltransferase
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5 to 383 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SGL - Glucose (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2SGL
SAS Label:

    Glucose (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Glucose (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
59 to 303 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SGLSI - Glucose, serum (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SGLSI
SAS Label:

    Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3.275 to 16.82 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SIR - Iron (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2SIR
SAS Label:

    Iron (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Iron (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
11 to 240 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SIRSI - Iron (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SIRSI
SAS Label:

    Iron (umol/L)
English Text:

    Iron (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.97 to 42.98 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SLDSI - LDH (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SLDSI
SAS Label:

    LDH (U/L)
English Text:

    Lactate dehydrogenase (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
57 to 326 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2SPH
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.3 to 9.2 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SPHSI
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.74 to 2.97 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2STB - Bilirubin, total (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2STB
SAS Label:

    Bilirubin, total (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Bilirubin, total (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.2 to 2.7 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2STBSI - Bilirubin, total (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2STBSI
SAS Label:

    Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
English Text:

    Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3.42 to 46.17 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2STP - Protein, total (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2STP
SAS Label:

    Protein, total (g/dL)
English Text:

    Protein, total (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5.6 to 9.8 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2STPSI - Total protein (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2STPSI
SAS Label:

    Total protein (g/L)
English Text:

    Total protein (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
56 to 98 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2STR - Triglycerides (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2STR
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Triglycerides (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
22 to 970 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2STRSI - Triglycerides (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2STRSI
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Triglycerides (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.248 to 10.951 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2SUA
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.5 to 10.7 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SUASI
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (umol/L)
English Text:

    Uric acid (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
89.2 to 636.4 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SCR - Creatinine (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LB2SCR
SAS Label:

    Creatinine (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Creatinine (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.4 to 10.2 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SCRSI - Creatinine (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SCRSI
SAS Label:

    Creatinine (umol/L)
English Text:

    Creatinine (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
35.36 to 901.68 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SNASI
SAS Label:

    Sodium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Sodium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
130 to 145 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SKSI
SAS Label:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3.1 to 5.3 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2SCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2SCLSI
SAS Label:

    Chloride (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Chloride (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 16 YEARS - 69 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
92 to 112 | Range of Values | 544 | 544 |   
. | Missing | 2 | 546 |   
  
### LB2FSH - Follicle stimulating hormone (mIU/mL)

Variable Name:

    LB2FSH
SAS Label:

    Follicle stimulating hormone (mIU/mL)
English Text:

    Follicle stimulating hormone (mIU/mL)
Target:

     Females only 35 YEARS - 60 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.37 to 121.62 | Range of Values | 94 | 94 |   
. | Missing | 452 | 546 |   
  
### LB2FSHSI - Follicle stimulating hormone (IU/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2FSHSI
SAS Label:

    Follicle stimulating hormone (IU/L)
English Text:

    Follicle stimulating hormone (IU/L)
Target:

     Females only 35 YEARS - 60 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.37 to 121.62 | Range of Values | 94 | 94 |   
. | Missing | 452 | 546 |   
  
### LB2LH - Luteinizing hormone (mIU/mL)

Variable Name:

    LB2LH
SAS Label:

    Luteinizing hormone (mIU/mL)
English Text:

    Luteinizing hormone (mIU/mL)
Target:

     Females only 35 YEARS - 60 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.35 to 79.58 | Range of Values | 94 | 94 |   
. | Missing | 452 | 546 |   
  
### LB2LHSI - Luteinizing hormone (IU/L)

Variable Name:

    LB2LHSI
SAS Label:

    Luteinizing hormone (IU/L)
English Text:

    Luteinizing hormone (IU/L)
Target:

     Females only 35 YEARS - 60 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.35 to 79.58 | Range of Values | 94 | 94 |   
. | Missing | 452 | 546 | 

