ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXSAL - Albumin (g/dL)
    * LBDSALSI - Albumin (g/L)
    * LBXSATSI - Alanine aminotransferase ALT (U/L)
    * LBXSASSI - Aspartate aminotransferase AST (U/L)
    * LBXSAPSI - Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
    * LBXSBU - Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
    * LBDSBUSI - Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCA - Total calcium (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCASI - Total calcium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCH - Cholesterol (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCHSI - Cholesterol (mmol/L)
    * LBXSC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
    * LBXSGTSI - Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)
    * LBXSGL - Glucose, serum (mg/dL)
    * LBDSGLSI - Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
    * LBXSIR - Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)
    * LBDSIRSI - Iron, refigerated (umol/L)
    * LBXSLDSI - Lactate dehydrogenase LDH (U/L)
    * LBXSPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)
    * LBDSPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)
    * LBXSTB - Total bilirubin (mg/dL)
    * LBDSTBSI - Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
    * LBXSTP - Total protein (g/dL)
    * LBDSTPSI - Total protein (g/L)
    * LBXSTR - Triglycerides (mg/dL)
    * LBDSTRSI - Triglycerides (mmol/L)
    * LBXSUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)
    * LBDSUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)
    * LBXSCR - Creatinine (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCRSI - Creatinine (umol/L)
    * LBXSNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)
    * LBXSOSSI - Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
    * LBXSGB - Globulin (g/dL)
    * LBDSGBSI - Globulin (g/L)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2003-2004 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Standard Biochemistry Profile (L40_C)

####  Data File: L40_C.xpt

#####  First Published: January 2006

#####  Last Revised: October 2007

#####  Note: The file was updated to correct the Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)
method description.

## Component Description

This battery of measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
certain liver, heart, and kidney diseases, acid-base imbalance in the
respiratory and metabolic systems, other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrine disorders as well as other metabolic or nutritional
disorders.

1\. Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)

Alanine aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment
of certain liver diseases (e.g., viral hepatitis and cirrhosis) and heart
diseases. Elevated levels of the transaminases can indicate myocardial
infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage. Serum
elevations of ALT activity are rarely observed except in parenchymal liver
disease, since ALT is a more liver-specific enzyme than aspartate
aminotransferase (AST).

2\. Albumin

Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous
diseases primarily involving the liver or kidneys.

3\. Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)

Increased ALP activity is associated with two groups of diseases: those
affecting liver function and those involving osteoblastic activity in the
bones. In hepatic disease, an increase in ALP activity is generally accepted
as an indication of biliary obstruction. An increase in serum phosphatase
activity is associated with primary hyperparathyroidism, secondary
hyperparathyroidism owing to chronic renal disease, rickets, and osteitis
deformans juvenilia due to vitamin D deficiency and malabsorption or renal
tubular dystrophies. Increased levels of ALP are also associated with Von
Recklinghausen's disease with bone involvement and malignant infiltrations of
bone. Low levels are associated with hyperthyroidism, and with the rare
condition of idiopathic hypophosphatasia associated with rickets and the
excretion of excess phosphatidyl ethanolamine in the urine.

4\. Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)

AST measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of
liver and heart disease. Elevated levels of the transaminases can signal
myocardial infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage.

5\. Bicarbonate (HCO3)

Together with pH determination, bicarbonate measurements are used in the
diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated
with acid-base imbalance in the respiratory and metabolic systems.

6\. Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)

BUN measurements are used in the diagnosis of certain renal and metabolic
diseases. The determination of serum urea nitrogen is the most widely used
test for the evaluation of kidney function. The test is frequently requested
in conjunction with the serum creatinine test for the differential diagnosis
of prerenal, renal, and postrenal uremia. High BUN levels are associated
withimpaired renal function, increased protein catabolism, nephritis,
intestinal obstruction, urinary obstruction, metallic poisoning, cardiac
failure, peritonitis, dehydration, malignancy, pneumonia, surgical shock,
Addison's disease, and uremia. Low BUN levels are associated with amyloidosis,
acute liver disease, pregnancy, and nephrosis. Normal variations are observed
according to a person's age and sex, the time of day, and diet, particularly
protein intake.

7\. Calcium

Elevated total serum calcium levels are associated with idiopathic
hypercalcemia, vitamin D intoxication, hyperparathyroidism, sarcoidosis,
pneumocystic carinii pneumonia, and blue diaper syndrome. Low calcium levels
are associated with hypoparathyroidism, pseudo-hypoparathyroidism, chronic
renal failure, rickets, infantile tetany, and steroid therapy.

8\. Cholesterol

An elevated cholesterol level is associated with diabetes, nephrosis,
hypothyroidism, biliary obstruction, and those rare cases of idiopathic
hypercholesterolemia and hyperlipidemia; low levels are associated with
hyperthyroidism, hepatitis, and sometimes severe anemia or infection.

9\. Creatinine

Creatinine measurement serves as a test for normal glomerular filtration.
Elevated levels are associated with acute and chronic renal insufficiency and
urinary tract obstruction. Levels below 0.6 mg/dL are of no significance.

10\. Gamma Glutamyl Transaminase ( GGT)

GT measurement is principally used to diagnose and monitor hepatobiliary
disease. It is currently the most sensitive enzymatic indicator of liver
disease, with normal values rarely found in the presence of hepatic disease.
It is also used as a sensitive screening test for occult alcoholism. Elevated
levels are found in patients who chronically take drugs such as phenobarbital
and phenytoin.

11\. Glucose

Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic
islet cell carcinoma and of carbohydrate metabolism disorders, including
diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia.

12\. Iron

Iron (non-heme) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
diseases such as iron deficiency anemia, chronic renal disease, and
hemochromatosis (a disease associated with widespread deposit in the tissues
of two iron-containing pigments, hemosiderin and hemofuscin, and characterized
by pigmentation of the skin).

13\. Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)

LDH measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases
such as acute viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, and metastatic carcinoma of the
liver; cardiac diseases such as myocardial infarction; and tumors of the lungs
or kidneys.

14\. Phosphorus

There is a reciprocal relationship between serum calcium and inorganic
phosphorus. Any increase in the level of inorganic phosphorus causes a
decrease in the calcium level by a mechanism not clearly understood.
Hyperphosphatemia is associated withvitamin D hypervitaminosis,
hypoparathyroidism, and renal failure. Hypophosphatemia is associated with
rickets, hyperparathyroidism, and Fanconi syndrome. Measurements of inorganic
phosphorus are used in the diagnosis and treatment of various disorders,
including parathyroid gland, kidney diseases, and vitamin D imbalance.

15\. Sodium, Potassium, and Chloride

Hyponatremia (low serum sodium level) is associated with a variety of
conditions, including severe polyuria, metabolic acidosis, Addison's disease,
diarrhea, and renal tubular disease. Hypernatremia (increased serum sodium
level) is associated with Cushing's syndrome, severe dehydration due to
primary water loss, certain types of brain injury, diabetic coma after therapy
with insulin, and excess treatment with sodium salts.

Hypokalemia (low serum potassium level) is associated with body potassium
deficiency, excessive potassium loss caused by prolonged diarrhea or prolonged
periods of vomiting and increased secretion of mineralocorticosteroids.
Hyperkalemia (increased serum potassium level) is associated with oliguria,
anuria, and urinary obstruction.

Low serum chloride values are associated with salt-losing nephritis,
Addisonian crisis, prolonged vomiting, and metabolic acidosis caused by
excessive production or diminished excretion of acids. High serum chloride
values are associated with dehydration and conditions causing decreased renal
blood flow, such as congestive heart failure.

16\. Total Bilirubin

Elevated levels are associated with hemolytic jaundice, paroxysmal
hemoglobinuria, pernicious anemia, polycythemia, icterus neonatorum, internal
hemorrhage, acute hemolytic anemia, malaria, and septicemia. Low bilirubin
levels are associated with aplastic anemia, and certain types of secondary
anemia resulting from toxic therapy for carcinoma and chronic nephritis.

17\. Total Protein

Total protein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of a
variety of diseases involving the liver, kidney, or bone marrow, as well as
other metabolic or nutritional disorders.

18\. Triglycerides

Triglyceride measurements are used in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus,
nephrosis, liver obstruction, and other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrinedisorders and in the treatment of patients with these
diseases.

19\. Uric Acid

Uric acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous
renal and metabolic disorders, including renal failure, gout, leukemia,
psoriasis, starvation, or other wasting conditions and in the treatment of
patients receiving cytotoxic drugs.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 12 year and older are tested.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

The 19 analytes described in this method constitute the routine biochemistry
profile. The analyses are performed with a Beckman Synchron LX20. Each analyte
is described separately within each pertinent section of this document. NOTE:
Glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides were analyzed as part of this profile,
but the results do not replace the formalized reference methods data from
NHANES 2003-2004 samples analyzed at other institutions.

1\. Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)

The LX20 uses an enzymatic rate method to measure ALT activity in serum or
plasma. In the reaction, ALT catalyzes the reversible transamination of
L-alanine and α-ketoglutarate to pyruvate and L- glutamate. The pyruvate is
then reduced to lactate in the presence of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) with
the concurrent oxidation of NADH to NAD. The system monitors the rate of
change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval. The rate of change
in absorbance is directly proportional to the ALT activity in the sample.

2\. Albumin

The method used to measure the albumin concentration on the LX20 is a
bichromatic digital endpoint method. In the reaction, the albumin combines
with Bromcresol Purple (BCP) reagent to form a complex. The system monitors
the change in absorbance at 600 nm. The change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of albumin in the sample.

3\. Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)

The LX system uses an enzymatic rate using a 2-Amino-2-Methyl-1-Propanol (AMP)
buffer to measure ALP activity in serum or plasma. In the reaction, the ALP
catalyzes the hydrolysis of the colorless organic phosphate ester substrate,
p-Nitrophenylphosphate, to the yellow colored product p-Nitrophenol and
phosphate. This reaction occurs at an alkaline pH of 10.3. The system monitors
the rate of change in absorbance at 410 nm over a fixed-time interval. This
rate of change in absorbance is directly proportional to the ALP activity in
the serum.

4\. Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)

The LX20 uses an enzymatic rate method to measure the AST activity in serum or
plasma. In the reaction, the AST catalyzes the reversible transamination of
L-aspartate and α-ketoglutarate to oxaloacetate and L-glutamate. The
oxaloacetate is then reduced to malate in the presence of malate dehydrogenase
with the concurrent oxidation of NADH to NAD. The system monitors the rate of
change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval. The rate of change
in absorbance is directly proportional to the AST activity in the sample.

5\. Bicarbonate (HCO3)

The LX20 system uses indirect (or diluted) ISE methodology to measure the
total CO2 level in serum, plasma or urine. The system measures the rate of pH
change as CO2 ions diffuse across a membrane. The electrode used for CO2
determination is actually a pH electrode with the tip covered by a silicone
rubber membrane and lowers the pH of a bicarbonate solution between the tip of
the membrane and the tip of the pH electrode. The rate of pH change is
directly proportional to the carbon dioxide (CO2) in the sample.

6\. Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)

The LX20 modular chemistry (BUNm) is used to quantitatively determine the
concentration of blood urea nitrogen in serum or plasma by means of the
enzymatic conductivity rate method. A precise volume of sample is injected
into the urease reagent in a reaction cup containing an electrode that
responds to changes in solution conductivity. Electronic circuits determine
the rate of increase in conductivity, which is directly proportional to the
concentration of urea in the sample.

7\. Calcium

The LX20 system uses indirect (or diluted) ISE methodology to measure calcium
concentration in serum, plasma, or urine. The system determines calcium
concentration by measuring calcium ion activity in solution. When the sample
buffer mixture contacts the electrode, calcium ions complex with the ionophore
at the electrode surface. Changes in potential develop at the electrode
surface as the reaction occurs. These changes in potential are referenced to a
sodium reference electrode. The reference signal is used in calculating the
analyte concentrations based on the Nernst equation.

8\. Cholesterol

The LX20 uses the timed-endpoint method to measure the cholesterol
concentration in serum or plasma. In the reaction, the cholesterol esterase
hydrolyzes cholesterol esters to free cholesterol and fatty acids. The free
cholesterol is oxidized to cholesten-3-one and hydrogen peroxide by
cholesterol oxidase. Peroxidase catalyzes the reaction of hydrogen peroxide
with 4-aminoantipyrine and phenol to produce a colored quinoneimine product.
The system monitors the change in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed-time
interval. The change in absorbance is directly proportional to the
concentration of cholesterol in the sample.

9\. Creatinine  
The LX20 modular chemistry side uses the Jaffe rate method (kinetic alkaline
picrate) to determine the concentration of creatinine in serum, plasma, or
urine. A precise volume of sample is introduced into areaction cup containing
an alkaline picrate solution. Absorbance readings are taken at both 520 nm and
560 nm. Creatinine from the sample combines with the reagent to produce a red
color complex. The observed rate measurement at 25.6 seconds after sample
introduction has been shown to be a direct measure of the concentration of the
creatinine in the sample.

10\. Gamma Glutamyltransaminase (GT)

The LX uses an enzymatic rate method to determine the GGT activity in serum or
plasma. In the reaction, the GGT catalyzes the transfer of a gamma-glutamyl
group from the colorless substrate, gamma-glutamyl- p-nitroaniline, to the
acceptor, glycylglycine with production of the colored product,
p-nitroaniline. The system monitors the rate of change in absorbance at 410 nm
over a fixed-time interval. The rate of change in absorbance is
directlyproportional to the activity of GGT in the sample.

11\. Glucose

On the Modular Chemistry side of the LX20, glucose concentration in biologic
fluids is determined by the oxygen rate method employing a Beckman Oxygen
electrode. A precise volume of sample is introduced in a reaction cup
containing an electrode that responds to oxygen concentration. Electronic
circuits determine the rate of oxygen consumption, which is directly
proportional to the concentration of glucose in the sample.

12\. Iron

The method used to measure the iron concentration is a timed-endpoint  method.
In the reaction, iron is released from transferrin by acetic acid and is
reduced to the ferrous state by hydroxylamine and thioglycolate. The ferrous
ion is immediatelycomplexed with the FerroZine Iron Reagent. The system
monitors the change in absorbance at 560 nm at a fixed-time interval. This
change in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of iron in
the sample

13\. Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)

The LX20 with LD reagent (using lactate as substrate) utilizes an enzymatic
rate method to measure LD activity in biological fluids. In the reaction, the
LD catalyzes the reversible oxidation of L-Lactate to Pyruvate with the
concurrent reduction of ß-Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (NAD) to
ß-Nicotinamide Adenine Dinucleotide (reduced form) (NADH). The system monitors
the rate of change in absorbance at 340 nm over a fixed-time interval. The
rate of change in absorbance is directly proportional to the activity of LD in
the sample.

14\. Phosphorus

The LX system uses a timed-rate method to determine the concentration of
phosphorus in serum, plasma and urine. In the reaction, inorganic phosphorus
reacts with ammonium molybdate in an acidic solution to form a colored
phosphomolybdate

15\. Sodium, Potassium, and Chloride

The LX system utilizes indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. methodology to determine
the concentration of sodium in biological fluids. The LX determines sodium ion
concentration by measuring electrolyte activity in solution. When the
sample/buffer mixture contacts the electrode, sodium ions undergo an ion
exchange in the hydrated outer layer of the glass electrode. As the ion
exchange takes place, a change in voltage (potential) is developed at the face
of the electrode. The potential follows the Nernst equation and allows the
calculation of sodium concentration in a solution.

The LX system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. methodology to measure
potassium in biological fluids. The system determines potassium ion
concentration by measuring electrolyte activity in solution. The potassium
electrode consists of valinomycin membrane. The voltage (potential) change
that takes place within the membrane follows the Nernst equation and allows
the calculation of potassium concentration in solution.

The LX system uses indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. methodology to determine
chloride concentration in biological fluids. Chloride is measured using an
Ag/AgCl electrode. At the face of the electrode, solid AgCl dissolves to the
extent as to saturate the solution around the tip with silver (Ag+) and
Chloride (Cl-) ions until equilibrium is established. The product of the ion
concentrations in solution, at equilibrium, with an excess of the slightly
soluble AgCl is defined as the solubility product constant (Ksp). When
chloride sample is added, the Ksp of the solution at the tip is disrupted as
AgCl precipitates out of solution. To reestablish the equilibrium, Ag+ ions
are generated from the tip causing a change in the potential. According to the
Nernst equation, this change is proportional to the concentration of chloride
in the sample.

16\. Total Bilirubin

The LX20 uses a timed-endpoint Diazo method to measure the concentration of
total bilirubin in serum or plasma. In the reaction, bilirubin reacts with
diazo reagent in the presence of caffeine, benzoate, and acetate as
accelerators to form azobilirubin. The system monitors the change in
absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed-time interval. This total bilirubin in the
sample.

17\. Total Protein

The LX20 uses a timed rate biuret method to measure the concentration of total
protein in serum or plasma. Proteins in the sample combine with the reagent
producing alkaline copper-protein chelate. The rate change in absorbance is
monitored by a detector at 545 nm. The observed rate of chelate formation is
directly proportional to the total protein concentration in the sample.

18\. Triglycerides

The LX uses a timed-endpoint method to determine the concentration of
triglycerides in serum or plasma. Triglycerides in the sample are hydrolyzed
to glycerol and free fatty acids by the action of lipase. A sequence of three
coupled enzymatic steps using glycerol kinase (GK), glycerophosphate oxidase
(GPO), and horseradish peroxidase (HPO) causes the oxidative coupling of
3,5dichloro-2-hydroxybenzenesulfonic acid (DHBS) with 4-aminoantipyrine to
form a red quinoneimine dye. The system monitors the change in absorbance at
520 nm for a fixed- time interval. The change in absorbance is directly
proportional to the concentration of triglycerides in the sample.

19\. Uric acid  
The LX20 uses a timed endpoint method to measure the concentration of uric
acid in serum, plasma or urine. Uric acid is oxidized by uricase to produce
allatoin and hydrogen peroxide. The hydrogen peroxide reacts with
4-aminoantipyrine (4-AAP) and 3,5-dichloro-2-hydroxybenzene sulfonate (DCHBS)
in a reaction catalyzed by peroxidase to produce a colored product. The system
monitors the change in absorbance at 520 nm at a fixed time interval. The
change in absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of uric
acid in the sample.

There were changes to the lab site from the 1999 to 2004. Coulston Foundation
at Alamogordo, New Mexico performed testing from 1999 to 2001 and
Collaborative Laboratory Services at Ottumwa, Iowa  
performed testing from 2002 to 2004.

A detailed description of the laboratory method used can be found at NHANES
website.

## Data Processing and Editing

Specimens were processed, stored and shipped to Collaborative Laboratory
Services in Ottumwa, Iowa. Detailed specimen collection and processing
instructions are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists
Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file for detailed data processing and
editing protocols. The analytical methods are described in the Description of
the Laboratory  
Methodology section.

Many derived variables were created in this data file. The formula for their
derivation is as follows:

LBDSALSI:

The albumin in g/dL (LBXSAL) was converted to g/L (LBDSALSI) by  
multiplying by 10.

LBDSBUSI:

The blood urea nitrogen (BUN) in mg/dL (LBXSBU) was converted to  
mmol/L (LBDSBUSI) by multiplying by 0.357

LBDSCASI

The calcium in mg/dL (LBXSCA) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSCASI)  
by multiplying by 0.250

LBDSCHSI

The cholesterol in mg/dL (LBXSCH) was converted to mmol/L  
(LBDSCHSI) by multiplying by 0.02586.

LBDSGLSI

The glucose in mg/dL (LBXSGL) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSGLSI)  
by multiplying by 0.05551.

LBDSIRSI

The iron in μg/dL (LBXSIR) was converted to μmol/L (LBDSIRSI) by  
multiplying by 0.1791.

LBDSPHSI

The phosphorus in mg/dL (LBXSPH) was converted to mmol/L  
(LBDSPHSI) by multiplying by 0.3229.

LBDSTBSI

The total bilirubin in mg/dL (LBXSTB) was converted to μmol/L  
(LBDSTBSI) by multiplying by 17.1.

LBDSTPSI

The total protein in g/dL (LBXSTP) was converted to g/L (LBDSTPSI) by  
multiplying by 10.

LBDSTRSI

The triglycerides in mg/dL (LBXSTR) were converted to mmol/L  
(LBDSTRSI) by multiplying by 0.01129.

LBDSUASI

The uric acid in mg/dL (LBXSUA) was converted to μmol/L (LBDSUASI)  
by multiplying by 59.48.

LBDSCRSI

The creatine in mg/dL (LBXSCR) was converted to μmol/L (LBDSCRSI)  
by multiplying by 88.4.

LBDSGBSI

The globulin in g/dL (LBXSGB) was converted to g/L (LBDSGBSI) by  
multiplying by 10.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing can be found at
the NHANES website.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES
Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Read the LABDOC file
for detailed QA/QC protocols.

A detailed description of the quality assurance and quality control procedures
can be found on the NHANES website.

## Analytic Notes

**Analytical Note for Serum Creatinine (Lab 40) for NHANES 2003-  
2004:**

Correction for Serum Creatinine for NHANES 2003-2004 is not  
necessary:

Serum creatinine is not standardized in many laboratories. The National Kidney
Disease Education Program is attempting to have all laboratories standardize
serum creatinine to reference methods (Myers, GL, et al. Recommendations for
Improving Serum Creatinine Measurement: A Report from the Laboratory Working
Group of the National Kidney Disease Education Program. Clin. Chem. 2006; 5-
18). Equations for estimating glomerular filtration rate (GFR) from
standardized creatinine have been published (Stevens LA, et al. N Engl J Med.
2006 Jun 8;354(23):2473-83). Serum creatinine assays on 190 stored specimens
from NHANES 2003-2004 were used to determine if serum creatinine needed to be
adjusted when compared to a method traceable to a "gold" standard reference
method. The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (CCF) laboratory analyzed the serum
creatinine specimens using a Roche coupled enzymatic assay (creatininase,
creatinase, sarcosine oxidase, kits # 1775677 and 1775766) performed on a
Roche P Module instrument. The Roche method calibrators were traceable to an
isotope dilution mass spectrometric method for serum creatinine using standard
references methods (NIST SRM 967) and confirmed by analysis of CAP LN-24
linearity set based on NIST assigned values. Serum creatinine by the Roche
method was then compared to the original NHANES 2003-2004 measurements which
used the Jaffe kinetic alkaline picrate method performed on a Beckman LX-20
analyzer. There were no significant differences in results between these two
measurements. The comparison of values revealed the mean (SD) serum creatinine
at NHANES, CCF, and their difference were 0.977 (0.341), 0.970 (0.337), and
0.007 (0.0583) mg/dL, respectively (paired t-test, p=0.09). The regression of
CCF (Y) on NHANES (X) had an intercept and slope of 0.02 (0.01) and 0.98
(0.01) mg/dL and a correlation of 0.99. The difference between the methods was
within the analytical error of the NHANES method (CV of 4.3% at 0.67 mg/dL or
0.029 mg/dL). Thus, no correction is necessary for serum creatinine values in
NHANES 2003-2004.The analysis of NHANES 2003-2004 laboratory data must be
conducted with the key survey design and basic demographic variables. The
NHANES 2003- 2004 Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data,
health indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain all survey design variables and sample weights
for these age groups. The phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such
as the conditions precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and
phlebotomy files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier SEQN.

LBXSTR:

This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXTR), rather
than the (LBXSTR) value, is generally recommended. For most triglyceride
analyses, the appropriate variable to use is (LBXTR). The value from the
biochemistry profile (LBXSTR) should not be used routinely.

LBXSCH:

This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXTC), rather
than the (LBXSCH) value, is generally recommended. For most analyses of serum
cholesterol, the appropriate variable to use will be (LBXTC). The (LBXSCH)
value from the biochemistry profile should not be used routinely

LBXSGL

This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXGLU), rather
than the (LBXSGL) value, is generally recommended. These serum glucose values
(LBXSGL) reported in this release should not be used to determine undiagnosed
diabetes or prediabetes. Instead, plasma glucose values (LBXGLU) should be
used based on the reference analytic method of this analyte. Use the special
weights included in this data file when analyzing data.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXSAL - Albumin (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSAL
SAS Label:

    Albumin (g/dL)
English Text:

    Albumin (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.9 to 5.5 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSALSI - Albumin (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSALSI
SAS Label:

    Albumin (g/L)
English Text:

    Albumin (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
19 to 55 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSATSI - Alanine aminotransferase ALT (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSATSI
SAS Label:

    Alanine aminotransferase ALT (U/L)
English Text:

    Alanine aminotransferase(U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5 to 1997 | Range of Values | 6489 | 6489 |   
. | Missing | 501 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSASSI - Aspartate aminotransferase AST (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSASSI
SAS Label:

    Aspartate aminotransferase AST (U/L)
English Text:

    Aspartate aminotransferase(U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7 to 1672 | Range of Values | 6488 | 6488 |   
. | Missing | 502 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSAPSI - Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSAPSI
SAS Label:

    Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
English Text:

    Alkaline phosphatase(U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
16 to 1378 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSBU - Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSBU
SAS Label:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 to 91 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSBUSI - Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSBUSI
SAS Label:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.71 to 32.49 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSCA - Total calcium (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCA
SAS Label:

    Total calcium (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total calcium (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6.7 to 12.5 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSCASI - Total calcium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCASI
SAS Label:

    Total calcium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Total calcium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.675 to 3.125 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSCH - Cholesterol (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCH
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
72 to 712 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSCHSI - Cholesterol (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCHSI
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Cholesterol (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.862 to 18.412 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSC3SI
SAS Label:

    Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Bicarbonate(mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
12 to 35 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSGTSI - Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGTSI
SAS Label:

    Gamma glutamyl transferase (U/L)
English Text:

    Gamma glutamyl transferase : SI (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3 to 2274 | Range of Values | 6491 | 6491 |   
. | Missing | 499 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSGL - Glucose, serum (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGL
SAS Label:

    Glucose, serum (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Glucose, serum (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
46 to 512 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSGLSI - Glucose, serum (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSGLSI
SAS Label:

    Glucose, serum (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Glucose, serum (mmol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.55 to 28.42 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSIR - Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSIR
SAS Label:

    Iron, refigerated (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Iron, refigerated (ug/dL) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5 to 278 | Range of Values | 6486 | 6486 |   
. | Missing | 504 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSIRSI - Iron, refigerated (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSIRSI
SAS Label:

    Iron, refigerated (umol/L)
English Text:

    Iron, refigerated (umol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.9 to 49.8 | Range of Values | 6486 | 6486 |   
. | Missing | 504 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSLDSI - Lactate dehydrogenase LDH (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSLDSI
SAS Label:

    Lactate dehydrogenase LDH (U/L)
English Text:

    Lactate dehydrogenase LDH (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
39 to 1292 | Range of Values | 6487 | 6487 |   
. | Missing | 503 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSPH
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.2 to 6.8 | Range of Values | 6491 | 6491 |   
. | Missing | 499 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSPHSI
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.71 to 2.196 | Range of Values | 6491 | 6491 |   
. | Missing | 499 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSTB - Total bilirubin (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTB
SAS Label:

    Total bilirubin (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total bilirubin (mg/dL) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.1 to 12.9 | Range of Values | 6487 | 6487 |   
. | Missing | 503 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSTBSI - Bilirubin, total (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTBSI
SAS Label:

    Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
English Text:

    Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.71 to 220.59 | Range of Values | 6487 | 6487 |   
. | Missing | 503 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSTP - Total protein (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTP
SAS Label:

    Total protein (g/dL)
English Text:

    Total protein (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5.4 to 10 | Range of Values | 6489 | 6489 |   
. | Missing | 501 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSTPSI - Total protein (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTPSI
SAS Label:

    Total protein (g/L)
English Text:

    Total protein (g/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
54 to 100 | Range of Values | 6489 | 6489 |   
. | Missing | 501 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSTR - Triglycerides (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTR
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Triglycerides (mg/dL) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
20 to 5210 | Range of Values | 6488 | 6488 |   
. | Missing | 502 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSTRSI - Triglycerides (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTRSI
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Triglycerides (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.226 to 58.821 | Range of Values | 6488 | 6488 |   
. | Missing | 502 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSUA
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.4 to 14.9 | Range of Values | 6490 | 6490 |   
. | Missing | 500 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSUASI
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (umol/L)
English Text:

    Uric acid (umol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
83.3 to 886.3 | Range of Values | 6490 | 6490 |   
. | Missing | 500 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSCR - Creatinine (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCR
SAS Label:

    Creatinine (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Creatinine (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Hard Edits:

     0 to 99.9
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.3 to 13.7 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSCRSI - Creatinine (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCRSI
SAS Label:

    Creatinine (umol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
26.52 to 1211.08 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSNASI
SAS Label:

    Sodium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Sodium(mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
126 to 153 | Range of Values | 6491 | 6491 |   
. | Missing | 499 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSKSI
SAS Label:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.5 to 5.9 | Range of Values | 6491 | 6491 |   
. | Missing | 499 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCLSI
SAS Label:

    Chloride (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Chloride(mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
86 to 116 | Range of Values | 6492 | 6492 |   
. | Missing | 498 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSOSSI - Osmolality (mmol/Kg)

Variable Name:

    LBXSOSSI
SAS Label:

    Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
English Text:

    Osmolality(mmol/Kg)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
250 to 306 | Range of Values | 6491 | 6491 |   
. | Missing | 499 | 6990 |   
  
### LBXSGB - Globulin (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGB
SAS Label:

    Globulin (g/dL)
English Text:

    Globulin (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.7 to 7.4 | Range of Values | 6489 | 6489 |   
. | Missing | 501 | 6990 |   
  
### LBDSGBSI - Globulin (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSGBSI
SAS Label:

    Globulin (g/L)
English Text:

    Globulin (g/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
17 to 74 | Range of Values | 6489 | 6489 |   
. | Missing | 501 | 6990 | 

