ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXBPB - Lead (ug/dL)
    * LBDBPBSI - Lead (umol/L)
    * LBXBCD - Cadmium (ug/L)
    * LBDBCDSI - Cadmium (nmol/L)
    * LBXEPP - Protoporphyrin (ug/dL RBC)
    * LBDEPPSI - Protoporphyrin (umol/L RBC)
    * LBXIRN - Iron (ug/dL)
    * LBDIRNSI - Iron (umol/L)
    * LBXTIB - TIBC (ug/dL)
    * LBDTIBSI - TIBC (umol/L)
    * LBXPCT - Transferrin saturation (%)
    * LBXFER - Ferritin (ng/mL)
    * LBDFERSI - Ferritin (ug/L)
    * LBXFOL - Folate, serum (ng/mL)
    * LBDFOLSI - Folate, serum (nmol/L)
    * LBXB12 - Vitamin B12, serum (pg/mL)
    * LBDB12SI - Vitamin B12, serum (pmol/L)
    * LBXHCY - Homocysteine (umol/L)
    * LBXMMA - Methylmalonic acid (umol/L)
    * LBXTHG - Mercury, total (ug/L)
    * LBDTHGSI - Mercury, total (umol/L)
    * LBXIHG - Mercury, Inorganic (ug/L)
    * LBDIHGSI - Mercury, Inorganic (umol/L)
    * LBXRBF - Folate, RBC (ng/mL RBC)
    * LBDRBFSI - Folate, RBC (nmol/L RBC)
    * LBXCOT - Cotinine (ng/mL)
    * LBDCOTSI - Cotinine (nmol/L)
    * LBXSEL - Selenium (ng/mL)
    * LBDSELSI - Selenium (nmol/L)
    * LBXGTC - Gamma tocopherol (ug/dL)
    * LBDGTCSI - Gamma tocopherol (umol/L)
    * LBXRPL - Retinyl palmitate (ug/dL)
    * LBDRPLSI - Retinyl palmitate (umol/L)
    * LBXRST - Retinyl stearate (ug/dL)
    * LBDRSTSI - Retinyl stearate(umol/L)
    * LBXVIA - Vitamin A (ug/dL)
    * LBDVIASI - Vitamin A (umol/L)
    * LBXVIE - Vitamin E (ug/dL)
    * LBDVIESI - Vitamin E (umol/L)
    * URXUHG - Mercury, urine (ng/mL)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 1999-2000 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Cadmium, Lead, Mercury, Cotinine & Nutritional Biochemistries (LAB06)

####  Data File: LAB06.xpt

#####  First Published: June 2002

#####  Last Revised: September 2007

#####  Note: This file was updated to correct the homocysteine crossover
regression and to correct some analytes inadvertently left out of the original
document.

## Component Description

**Lead**

Lead is a known environmental toxin that has been shown to deleteriously
affect the nervous, hematopoietic, endocrine, renal and reproductive systems.
In young children, lead exposure is a particular hazard because children more
readily absorb lead than do adults, and children's developing nervous systems
also make them more susceptible to the effects of lead. The primary sources of
exposure for children are lead-laden paint chips and dust as a result of
deteriorating lead-based paint. The risk for lead exposure is
disproportionately higher for children who are poor, non-Hispanic black,
living in large metropolitan areas, or living in older housing. Among adults,
the most common high exposure sources are occupational. Blood lead levels
measured in previous NHANES programs have been the cornerstone of lead
exposure surveillance in the U.S. The data have been used to document the
burden of and dramatic decline of elevated blood lead levels; to promote the
reduction of lead use; and to help to redefine national lead poisoning
prevention guidelines, standards, and abatement activities.

**Cadmium**

Cadmium is performed to identify cases of cadmium toxicity. Occupational
exposure is the most common cause of elevated cadmium levels.

**Total Blood Mercury, Inorganic Mercury, and Urinary Mercury**

Uncertainties exist regarding levels of exposure to methyl mercury from fish
consumption and potential health effects resulting from this exposure. Past
estimates of exposure to methyl mercury has been obtained from results of food
consumption surveys and measures of methyl mercury in fish. Measures of a
biomarker of exposure are needed for improved exposure assessments. Blood
mercury levels will be assessed in two subpopulations particularly vulnerable
to the health effects from mercury exposure: children 1-5 years old and women
of childbearing age. Women of childbearing age will also have a urine mercury
test.

Blood measures of total and inorganic mercury will be important for evaluation
of exposure from exposure to mercury in interior latex paints.

**RBC folate, Serum folate, Vitamin B12, Erythrocyte protoporphyrin, Ferritin,
Homocysteine, and Methylmalonic Acid, Iron, TIBC, Transferrin saturation and
Selenium**

The objectives of this component are: 1) to provide data for monitoring
secular trends in measures of nutritional status in the U.S. population; 2) to
evaluate the effect of people's habits and behaviors such as physical activity
and the use of alcohol, tobacco, and dietary supplements on people's
nutritional status; and 3) to evaluate the effect of changes in nutrition and
public health policies including welfare reform legislation, food
fortification policy, and child nutrition programs on the nutritional status
of the U.S. population. These data will be used to estimate deficiencies and
toxicities of specific nutrients in the population and subgroups, to provide
population reference data, and to estimate the contribution of diet,
supplements, and other factors to serum levels of nutrients. Data will be used
for research to further define nutrient requirements as well as optimal levels
for disease prevention and health promotion.

**Cotinine**

The specific aims of the component are: 1) to measure the prevalence and
extent of tobacco use; 2) to estimate the extent of exposure to environmental
tobacco smoke (ETS), and determine trends in exposure to ETS; and 3) to
describe the relationship between tobacco use (as well as exposure to ETS) and
chronic health conditions, including respiratory and cardiovascular diseases.

The tobacco component for NHANES will include questionnaire items on current
and past use of cigarettes, pipes, cigars and smokeless tobacco. Exposure to
ETS at home and at work and in-utero ETS exposure among children will also be
obtained. ETS exposure will also be assessed for examinees 3 years of age and
older through the measurement of serum cotinine, a metabolite of nicotine. In
addition, use of nicotine replacement products (e.g., gum and patch) will be
collected using questionnaires.

**Urinary Mercury**

Uncertainties exist regarding levels of exposure to methyl mercury from fish
consumption and potential health effects resulting from this exposure. Past
estimates of exposure to methyl mercury has been obtained from results of food
consumption surveys and measures of methyl mercury in fish. Measures of a
biomarker of exposure are needed for improved exposure assessments. Urinary
mercury levels will be assessed in one subpopulation particularly vulnerable
to the health effects from mercury exposure.

## Eligible Sample

**Blood lead and cadmium, Erythrocyte protoporphyrin, Iron, TIBC and
Transferrin saturation**

Participants aged 1 year and older who do not meet any of the exclusion
criteria are eligible.

**RBC folate, Serum folate, Vitamin B12, Homocysteine, Methylmalonic Acid, and
Cotinine**

Participants aged 3 years and older who do not meet any of the exclusion
criteria are eligible.

**Total Blood Mercury and Inorganic Mercury**

Participants aged 1-5 years and females aged 16-49 years who do not meet any
of the exclusion criteria are eligible.

**Urinary Mercury**

Female participants aged 16-49 years are eligible.



## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Lead and Cadmium**

Cadmium and lead are simultaneously measured in whole blood using adaptations
of the methods of Miller et al,1 Parsons et al,2 and Stoeppler et al.3 Cadmium
and lead quantification is based on the measurement of light absorbed at 228.8
nm and 283.3 nm, respectively, by ground-state atoms of cadmium and lead from
either an electrodeless discharge lamp (EDL) or hollow cathode lamp (HCL)
source. Human blood (patient or study) samples, bovine blood quality control
pools, and aqueous standards are diluted with a matrix modifier (nitric acid,
Triton X-100, and ammonium phosphate). The cadmium and lead contents are
determined on a PerkinElmer Model SIMAA 6000 simultaneous multi-element atomic
absorption spectrometer with Zeeman background correction.

**Erythrocyte Protoporphyrin**

Free erythrocyte protoporphyrin (FEP) is measured by a modification of the
method of Sassa et al.4 Protoporphyrin is extracted from EDTA-whole blood into
a 2:1 (v/v) mixture of ethyl acetate-acetic acid, then back-extracted into
diluted hydrochloric acid. The protoporphyrin in the aqueous phase is measured
fluorometrically at excitation and emission wavelengths of 404 and 658 nm,
respectively. Calculations are based on a processed protoporphyrin IX (free
acid) standard curve. After a correction for the individual hematocrit is
made, the final concentration of protoporphyrin in a specimen is expressed as
micrograms per deciliter of packed red blood cells (μg/dL RBC).

**RBC Folate, Serum Folate, and Vitamin B12**

Both serum folate and vitamin B12 are measured by using the Bio-Rad
Laboratories "Quantaphase II Folate/vitamin B12" radioassay kit.5 The assay is
performed by combining serum or a whole blood hemolysate sample with
125I-folate and 57Co-vitamin B12 in a solution containing dithiothreitol (DTT)
and cyanide. The mixture is boiled to inactivate cyanocobalamin. The reduced
folate and its analogs are stabilized by DTT during the heating. The mixture
is cooled and then combined with immobilized affinity-purified porcine
intrinsic factor and folate-binding proteins. The addition of these substances
adjusts and buffers the pH of the reaction mixture to 9.2. The reaction
mixture is then incubated for 1 hour at room temperature.

During incubation, the endogenous and labeled folate and B12 compete for the
limited number of binding sites on the basis of their relative concentrations.
The reaction mixtures are then centrifuged and decanted. Labeled and unlabeled
folate and vitamin B12, binding to immobilized binding proteins, are
concentrated in the bottom of the tube in the form of a pellet. The unbound
folate and B12 in the supernatant are discarded, and the radioactivity
associated with the pellet is counted. Standard curves are prepared by using
the pre-calibrated folate/B12 standards in a human serum albumin base. The
concentration of the folate and vitamin B12 in the participant's serum or
folate in a participant's whole blood is calculated from the standard curve.

In the erythrocyte folate procedure, the sample is first diluted 1:11 with a
solution of 1 g/dL ascorbic acid in water and either incubated for 90 min
prior to assay or frozen immediately for later assay. The 90-minute incubation
or the freeze-thaw is necessary for hemolysis of the red blood cells; either
allows the endogenous folate conjugates to hydrolyze the conjugated
pterylpolyglutamates prior to assay. The sample is further diluted 1:2 with a
protein diluent (human serum albumin), resulting in a matrix similar to that
of the standards and serum samples.

**Ferritin**

Ferritin is measured by using the Bio-Rad Laboratories' "QuantImune Ferritin
IRMA" kit,6 which is a single-incubation two-site immunoradiometric assay
(IRMA) based on the general principles of assays as described by Addison et
al.7 and Miles8 and modified by Jeong et al.9 In this IRMA, which measures the
most basic isoferritin, the highly purified 125I-labeled antibody to ferritin
is the tracer, and the ferritin antibodies are immobilized on polyacrylamide
beads as the solid phase. Serum or ferritin standards (made from human liver)
are mixed with the combined tracer/solid-phase antibody reagent, and the
mixture is incubated. During incubation, both the immobilized and the
125I-labeled antibodies bind to the ferritin antigen in the serum or
standards, thus creating a "sandwich."

After incubation, the beads are diluted with saline, centrifuged, and
decanted. The level of 125I-labeled ferritin found in the pellets is measured
by using a gamma counter. There is a direct relationship between the
radioactive levels of the pellets and the amount of endogenous ferritin in the
serum or standards, rather than the inverse relationship measured by most
radioimmunoassays (RIAs).

**Homocysteine**

The method is a fluorescence polarization immunoassay (FPIA) from Abbott
Diagnostics performed on the Abbott IMX analyzer.10 Total homocysteine (tHcy)
in plasma is measured by the Abbott Homocysteine assay, a fully automated FPIA
method. DTT reduces homocysteine bound to albumin and to other small
molecules, homocysteine, and mixed disulfides, to free thiol.
S-adenosylhomocysteine (SAH) hydrolase catalyzes conversion of homocysteine to
SAH in the presence of added adenosine. The specific monoclonal antibody and
the fluoresceinated SAH analog tracer constitute the FPIA detection system.11
Plasma total homocysteine concentrations are calculated by the Abbott IMx
Immunoassay Analyzer using a machine-stored calibration curve.

As part of ongoing methods comparisons studies, an international round robin12
was conducted in 1998. Results obtained using the FPIA method described
earlier were compared to results obtained using high performance liquid
chromatography (HPLC) with fluorometric detection at 385 nm excitation and 515
nm emission.13 The international round robin demonstrated that the FPIA method
was fully equivalent to other frequently used methods (i.e., HPLC-FD, HPLC-ED,
and GC/MS). Thus, the Abbott Homocysteine assay was used as the primary method
for determination of plasma total homocysteine in NHANES 1999-2000\. The HPLC
assay was used as a reference method and was performed on a subset of NHANES
1999-2000 specimens for continuing method comparison studies.

**Methylmalonic Acid**

Methylmalonic acid (MMA) is extracted from plasma or serum along with an added
internal standard using a commercially available strong anion exchange
resin.14 The extracted acid is then derivatized with cyclohexanol to form a
dicyclohexyl ester. The derivatized samples are injected onto a gas
chromatograph for separation from other constituents. The effluent from the
gas chromatograph is monitored with a mass selective detector using selected
ion monitoring. Results are quantitated by internal calibration using peak
area ratios of MMA and the internal standard (d3MMA).

**Cotinine**

Cotinine is a major metabolite of nicotine that may be used as a marker for
both active smoking, and as an index to Environmental Tobacco Smoke (ETS)
exposure, or "passive smoking". Cotinine is generally preferred over nicotine
for such assessments because of its substantially longer half-life. The half-
life of cotinine in plasma has been estimated to be about 15-20 hrs;15-17 by
contrast, the half-life of nicotine is only 0.5-3 hrs.18-20 Cotinine may be
measured in serum, urine or saliva - the half-life of cotinine in all three
fluids is essentially the same. Cotinine concentrations tend to be higher
(3-8×) in urine than in serum; however, for studies requiring a quantitative
assessment of exposure, plasma or serum is regarded as the fluid of choice.15
Therefore, serum was chosen for NHANES cotinine analyses.

Serum cotinine is measured by an isotope dilution-high performance liquid
chromatography / atmospheric pressure chemical ionization tandem mass
spectrometry (ID HPLC-APCI MS/MS). Briefly, the serum sample is spiked with
methyl-D3 cotinine as an internal standard, and after an equilibration period,
the sample is applied to a basified solid-phase extraction column. Cotinine is
extracted off the column with methylene chloride, the organic extract is
concentrated, and the residue is injected onto a short, C18 HPLC column. The
eluant from these injections is monitored by APCI-MS/MS, and the m/z 80
daughter ion from the m/z 177 quasi-molecular ion is quantitated, along with
additional ions for the internal standard, external standard, and for
confirmation. Cotinine concentrations are derived from the ratio of native to
labeled cotinine in the sample by comparisons to a standard curve.

**Total Blood Mercury and Inorganic Mercury**

Total mercury in whole blood is measured by flow injection cold vapor atomic
absorption analysis with on-line microwave digestion, based on the method by
T. Guo and J. Bassner.21 Decomposition of organic mercury compounds in blood
occurs mainly while the sample (mixed with bromate-bromide reagent and
hydrochloric acid) flows through the digestion coil in the microwave. Further
decomposition of organic mercury is achieved by on-line addition of potassium
permanganate. The total (organic + inorganic) mercuric mercury released is
reduced to mercury vapor by sodium tetrahydroborate. The mercury vapor is
measured by the spectrometer at 253.7 nm. Inorganic mercury in whole blood is
measured by using stannous chloride as reductant without employing microwave
digestion system. Mercury vapor (reduced from inorganic mercury compounds) is
measured via the same quartz cell at 253.7 nm. The difference in the total
reduced mercury (by sodium tetrahydroborate) and inorganic reduced mercury (by
stannous chloride) is taken to represent organic mercury in whole blood.22

Mercury analysis is performed to identify cases of mercury toxicity. Urinary
mercury (total) will also be analyzed on a subset of NHANES subjects using the
PerkinElmer FIMS.  
**Urinary Mercury**

Mercury in urine is measured by flow injection cold vapor atomic absorption
analysis, which is based on the method that Guo and Bassner developed.21
Because mercury in urine is found almost entirely in the inorganic form, Guo
and Bassner's method does not use microwave digestion, and decomposition of
mercury compounds is achieved by manually adding mixed bromate-bromide reagent
and concentrated hydrochloric acid (HCl). Further decomposition of mercury
compounds is achieved by adding potassium permanganate online. The mercury
vapor (reduced from inorganic mercury compounds by sodium tetrahydroborate) is
measured by the spectrophotometer at 253.7 nm.  
Mercury analysis is performed to identify cases of mercury exposure or
toxicity. The brain and kidneys are the main organs affected by mercury.
Psychic and emotional disturbances are the initial signs of chronic
intoxication by elemental mercury vapor or salts. Paresthesias and neuralgia
may develop. Renal disease, digestive disturbances, and ocular lesions can
also develop. Kidney toxicity is an important consequence of exposure to
mercury salts.22

**Iron, TIBC and Transferrin saturation**

Serum iron and total iron-binding capacity (TIBC) are measured by a
modification of the automated AAII-25 colorimetric method, which is based on
the procedures of Giovaniello et al. (1) and of Ramsey (2). The method has
been modified further to be performed on an Alpkem Flow Solutions IV (rapid-
flow analysis) system. Iron is quantitated by measuring the intensity of the
violet complex formed in the reaction between ferrozine and Fe++ in acetate
buffer at 562 nm. Thiourea is added to complex Cu++, which can also bind with
ferrozine and yield falsely elevated iron values. In TIBC tests, serum is
mixed with 400 μg/dL iron solution to saturate the iron-binding sites of the
serum transferrin molecules. Magnesium carbonate is used to remove excess
iron. Centrifugation is used to precipitate the magnesium carbonate, and the
supernatant is measured for iron content.

Serum iron and TIBC assays can be used together with ferritin assays to aid in
the diagnosis of iron deficiency or overload. In cases of iron deficiency,
decreased serum iron levels and increased TIBC may be observed. Conversely, in
cases of iron overload (which can be genetic as idiopathic hereditary
hemochromatosis, or can be caused by hemolytic anemia, liver damage, excessive
absorption of iron, and iron therapy) increased serum iron levels and
decreased TIBC may be observed. In cases of infection, inflammation, and
malignancy, both serum iron levels and TIBC may be decreased (3).

The transferrin saturation value was calculated as (iron/TIBC) × 100%. The
iron variable name is LBXIRN, the TIBC variable name is LBXTIB, and the
transferrin saturation is LBDPCT.

**Selenium**

Selenium is measured in serum by atomic absorption spectrometry in a procedure
based on the methods described by Lewis et al. (1) and by Paschal and Kimberly
(2). Quantification is based on the measurement of light absorbed at 196.0 nm
by ground-state atoms of selenium from a selenium electrodeless discharge lamp
(EDL) source. Serum samples, human serum quality control pools, and serum
calibration standards are diluted with a matrix modifier (Triton X-100, nickel
nitrate, and magnesium nitrate). The selenium content is determined by using a
Perkin-Elmer model SIMAA 6000 transversely heated graphite furnace atomic
absorption spectrophotometer with Zeeman background correction, or a Model
5100 GFAAS. The Zeeman system offers improved background correction over
deuterium arc-corrected systems; use of the latter often results in over-
correction caused by spectral interference from iron or phosphate in the serum
(3,4).

Low selenium levels have been linked to Keshan's disease. This is a
cardiomyopathy that has been observed in young children who live in areas
where the soil is low in selenium, particularly in some regions of China.
Selenium has been shown to affect drug metabolism and toxicity. In addition,
selenium may have a role in cancer prevention.

## Data Processing and Editing

Automated data collection procedures for the survey were introduced in NHANES
1999. In the mobile examination centers (MECs) and analytical laboratories,
data for the laboratory component is recorded directly onto a computerized
data collection form. The system is centrally integrated and it allows for
ongoing monitoring of much of the data. Although the complete blood count and
pregnancy analyses are performed in the MEC laboratory, most analyses are
conducted elsewhere by approximately 28 laboratories across the United States.

Guidelines have been developed that provide standards for naming variables,
filling missing values, and handling missing records. NCHS staff, assisted by
contract staff, have developed data-editing specifications that check data
sets for valid codes, ranges, and skip pattern consistencies and examine the
consistency of values between interrelated variables. Comments have been
reviewed and recoded. NCHS staff verifies extremely high and low values
whenever possible, and numerous consistency checks are performed. Nonetheless,
users should examine the range and frequency of values before analyzing data.

For laboratory tests with a lower detection limit, results below the lower
detection limit are replaced with a value equal to the detection limit divided
by the square root of two. This value has been created to help the user
distinguish a nondetectable laboratory test result from a measured laboratory
test result.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Serum and urine specimens are processed, stored, and shipped to the Division
of Environmental Health Laboratory Sciences, National Center for Environmental
Health, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for analysis.

Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are discussed in the
NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Vials are
stored under appropriate frozen (-20°C) conditions until they are shipped to
National Center for Environmental Health for testing.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 1999-2000 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 1999-2000
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. The Household Questionnaire Data Files also contain all survey
design variables and sample weights required to analyze these data. The
Phlebotomy Examination file includes auxiliary information on duration of
fasting, the time of day of the venipuncture, and the conditions precluding
venipuncture. The Household Questionnaire and Phlebotomy Exam files may be
linked to the laboratory data file using the unique survey participant
identifier SEQN.

Homocysteine method change:

The Homocysteine (uMol/L) method changed in 2002 from an Abbott IMX to an
Abbott AxSym method. A crossover study was performed and revealed the
following Deming regression (n=361, r**2 = 0.9817):

AxSym = 10**(0.983*log10(IMX) + 0.0418)

## References

  * Abbott Homocysteine (HCY) assay package insert.
  * Addison G, Beamish M, Hales C, et al. An immunoradiometric assay for ferritin in the serum of normal patients and patients with iron deficiency and iron overload. J Clin Path. 1972;25:326.
  * Armitage AK, Dollery CT, George CF, Houseman TH, Lewis PJ, Turner DM. Absorption and metabolism of nicotine from cigarettes. Br Med J. 1975;4:313-316.
  * Benowitz NL, Kuyt F, Jacob P, Jones RT, Osman A-L. Cotinine disposition and effects. Clin Pharmacol Ther. 1983;34:604-611.
  * Carson BL, Ellis HV III, McCann JL. Toxicology and biological monitoring of metals in humans. Chelsea (MI): Lewis Publishers, Inc.; 1986, p.130.
  * Guo T, Baasner J. Determination of mercury by flow-injection cold vapor atomic absorption spectrometry. Analytica Chimica Acta. 1993;278:189-196.
  * Instruction Manual, Bio-Rad Quantaphase II Folate Radioassay Kit. Bio-Rad Laboratories, Hercules, CA: Bio-Rad Laboratories, 1993.
  * Instruction Manual, Bio-Rad QuantImune Ferritin IRMA. Hercules (CA): Bio-Rad Laboratories, 1986.
  * Jacob P, Yu L, Wilson M, Benowitz NL. Selected ion monitoring method for determination of nicotine, cotinine and deuterium-labeled analogs: Absence of an isotope effect in the clearance of (S)-nicotine-3',3'-d2 in humans. Biol Mass Spec. 1991;20:247-252.
  * Jarvis MJ, Russell MAH, Benowitz NL, Feyerabend C. Elimination of cotinine from body fluids: Implications for noninvasive measurement of tobacco smoke exposure. Am J Public Health. 1988;78:696-698.
  * Jeong H, Blackmore J, Lewin N. Ferritin immunoradiometric assay, U.S. Patent No. 4,244,940.
  * Kyerematen GA, Morgan ML, Chattopadhyay B, deBethizy JD, Vesell ES. Disposition of nicotine and eight metabolites in smokers and nonsmokers: Identification of two metabolites that are longer lived than cotinine. Clin Pharmacol Ther. 1990;48:641-651.
  * Miles L. Measurement of serum ferritin by a 2-site immunoradiometric assay. In: Handbook of Radioimmunoassay (Abraham, G, ed.). New York: Marcel Dekker, Inc., 1977, Chapter 4.
  * Miller DT, Paschal DC, Gunter EW, Stroud PE, D'Angelo J. Determination of blood lead with electrothermal atomic absorption using an L'vov platform and matrix modifier. Analyst. 1987;112:1701-1704.
  * Parsons PJ, Slavin W. A rapid Zeeman graphite furnace atomic absorption spectrometric method for the determination of lead in blood. Spectrochimica Acta. 1993;48B (No. 6/7):925-939.
  * Pfeiffer CM, Huff DL, Gunter EW. Rapid and accurate HPLC assay for total homocysteine and cysteine in a clinical laboratory setting. Clin Chem. 1999;45:290-292.
  * Pfeiffer CM, Huff DL, Smith SJ, Miller DT, Gunter EW. Comparison of plasma total homocysteine measurements in 14 laboratories: an international study. Clin Chem. 1999;45(8 Pt 1):1261-1268.
  * Rasmussen K. Solid-phase sample extraction for rapid determination of methylmalonic acid in serum and urine by a stable-isotope-dilution method. Clin Chem. 1989;35(2):260-264.
  * Sassa S, Granick JL, Granick S, Kappas A, Levere RD. Microanalyses of erythrocyte protoporphyrin levels by spectrophotometry in the detection of chronic lead intoxication in the subclinical range. Biochem Med. 1973;8:135-148.
  * Shipchandler, MT, Moore EG. Rapid, fully automated measurement of plasma homocysteine with the Abbott IMx® analyzer. Clin Chem. 1995;41(7):991-994.
  * Stoeppler, M, Brandt, K. Determination of cadmium in whole blood and urine by electrothermal atomic-absorption spectrophotometry. Fresenius Z. Anal. Chem. 1980;300:372-380.
  * Watts RR, Langone JJ, Knight GJ, Lewtas J. Cotinine analytical workshop report: Consideration of analytical methods for determining cotinine in human body fluids as a measure of passive exposure to tobacco smoke. Env Health Perspec. 1990;84:173.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXBPB - Lead (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXBPB
SAS Label:

    Lead (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Lead (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.2 to 57.1 | Range of Values | 7970 | 7970 |   
. | Missing | 862 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDBPBSI - Lead (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDBPBSI
SAS Label:

    Lead (umol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.01 to 2.758 | Range of Values | 7970 | 7970 |   
. | Missing | 862 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXBCD - Cadmium (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXBCD
SAS Label:

    Cadmium (ug/L)
English Text:

    Cadmium (ug/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.2 to 8.5 | Range of Values | 7970 | 7970 |   
. | Missing | 862 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDBCDSI - Cadmium (nmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDBCDSI
SAS Label:

    Cadmium (nmol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.78 to 75.62 | Range of Values | 7970 | 7970 |   
. | Missing | 862 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXEPP - Protoporphyrin (ug/dL RBC)

Variable Name:

    LBXEPP
SAS Label:

    Protoporphyrin (ug/dL RBC)
English Text:

    Protoporphyrin (ug/dL RBC)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
18 to 884 | Range of Values | 7985 | 7985 |   
. | Missing | 847 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDEPPSI - Protoporphyrin (umol/L RBC)

Variable Name:

    LBDEPPSI
SAS Label:

    Protoporphyrin (umol/L RBC)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.32 to 15.65 | Range of Values | 7985 | 7985 |   
. | Missing | 847 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXIRN - Iron (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXIRN
SAS Label:

    Iron (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Iron(ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5 to 292 | Range of Values | 7877 | 7877 |   
. | Missing | 955 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDIRNSI - Iron (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDIRNSI
SAS Label:

    Iron (umol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.9 to 52.27 | Range of Values | 7877 | 7877 |   
. | Missing | 955 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXTIB - TIBC (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXTIB
SAS Label:

    TIBC (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Total iron binding capacity (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
101 to 761 | Range of Values | 7847 | 7847 |   
. | Missing | 985 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDTIBSI - TIBC (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDTIBSI
SAS Label:

    TIBC (umol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
18.08 to 136.22 | Range of Values | 7847 | 7847 |   
. | Missing | 985 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXPCT - Transferrin saturation (%)

Variable Name:

    LBXPCT
SAS Label:

    Transferrin saturation (%)
English Text:

    Transferrin saturation(%)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.1 to 100.9 | Range of Values | 7845 | 7845 |   
. | Missing | 987 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXFER - Ferritin (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXFER
SAS Label:

    Ferritin (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Ferritin (ng/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3 to 1822 | Range of Values | 7849 | 7849 |   
. | Missing | 983 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDFERSI - Ferritin (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDFERSI
SAS Label:

    Ferritin (ug/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3 to 1822 | Range of Values | 7849 | 7849 |   
. | Missing | 983 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXFOL - Folate, serum (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXFOL
SAS Label:

    Folate, serum (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Folate, serum (ng/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 220 | Range of Values | 7526 | 7526 |   
. | Missing | 1306 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDFOLSI - Folate, serum (nmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDFOLSI
SAS Label:

    Folate, serum (nmol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.3 to 498.3 | Range of Values | 7526 | 7526 |   
. | Missing | 1306 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXB12 - Vitamin B12, serum (pg/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXB12
SAS Label:

    Vitamin B12, serum (pg/mL)
English Text:

    Vitamin B12, serum (pg/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
47 to 201810 | Range of Values | 7524 | 7524 |   
. | Missing | 1308 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDB12SI - Vitamin B12, serum (pmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDB12SI
SAS Label:

    Vitamin B12, serum (pmol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
34.69 to 148935.78 | Range of Values | 7524 | 7524 |   
. | Missing | 1308 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXHCY - Homocysteine (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXHCY
SAS Label:

    Homocysteine (umol/L)
English Text:

    Homocysteine(umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.61 to 156.3 | Range of Values | 7599 | 7599 |   
. | Missing | 1233 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXMMA - Methylmalonic acid (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXMMA
SAS Label:

    Methylmalonic acid (umol/L)
English Text:

    Methylmalonic acid (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.04 to 35.96 | Range of Values | 7597 | 7597 |   
. | Missing | 1235 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXTHG - Mercury, total (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXTHG
SAS Label:

    Mercury, total (ug/L)
English Text:

    Mercury, total (ug/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 5 YEARS
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Hard Edits:

    0 to 99.9
Hard Edits:

    0 to 99.9
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.1 to 38.9 | Range of Values | 2414 | 2414 |   
. | Missing | 6418 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDTHGSI - Mercury, total (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDTHGSI
SAS Label:

    Mercury, total (umol/L)
English Text:

    Mercury, total (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 5 YEARS
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.5 to 194.11 | Range of Values | 2414 | 2414 |   
. | Missing | 6418 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXIHG - Mercury, Inorganic (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXIHG
SAS Label:

    Mercury, Inorganic (ug/L)
English Text:

    Mercury, Inorganic (ug/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 5 YEARS
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Hard Edits:

    0 to 99.9
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.3 to 11.2 | Range of Values | 2391 | 2391 |   
. | Missing | 6441 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDIHGSI - Mercury, Inorganic (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDIHGSI
SAS Label:

    Mercury, Inorganic (umol/L)
English Text:

    Mercury, Inorganic (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 5 YEARS
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.5 to 55.89 | Range of Values | 2391 | 2391 |   
. | Missing | 6441 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXRBF - Folate, RBC (ng/mL RBC)

Variable Name:

    LBXRBF
SAS Label:

    Folate, RBC (ng/mL RBC)
English Text:

    Folate, RBC (ng/mL RBC)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
28 to 2352 | Range of Values | 7614 | 7614 |   
. | Missing | 1218 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDRBFSI - Folate, RBC (nmol/L RBC)

Variable Name:

    LBDRBFSI
SAS Label:

    Folate, RBC (nmol/L RBC)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
63.4 to 5327.3 | Range of Values | 7614 | 7614 |   
. | Missing | 1218 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXCOT - Cotinine (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXCOT
SAS Label:

    Cotinine (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Cotinine (ng/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.035 to 989 | Range of Values | 7284 | 7284 |   
. | Missing | 1548 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDCOTSI - Cotinine (nmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDCOTSI
SAS Label:

    Cotinine (nmol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.199 to 5617.52 | Range of Values | 7284 | 7284 |   
. | Missing | 1548 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXSEL - Selenium (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSEL
SAS Label:

    Selenium (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Selenium (ng/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 11 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
33 to 180 | Range of Values | 1186 | 1186 |   
. | Missing | 7646 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDSELSI - Selenium (nmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSELSI
SAS Label:

    Selenium (nmol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 11 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.42 to 2.29 | Range of Values | 1186 | 1186 |   
. | Missing | 7646 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXGTC - Gamma tocopherol (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXGTC
SAS Label:

    Gamma tocopherol (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Gamma tocopherol (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7.57 to 2277.4 | Range of Values | 6430 | 6430 |   
. | Missing | 2402 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDGTCSI - Gamma tocopherol (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDGTCSI
SAS Label:

    Gamma tocopherol (umol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.18 to 54.66 | Range of Values | 6430 | 6430 |   
. | Missing | 2402 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXRPL - Retinyl palmitate (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXRPL
SAS Label:

    Retinyl palmitate (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Retinyl palmitate (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.14 to 40 | Range of Values | 5867 | 5867 |   
. | Missing | 2965 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDRPLSI - Retinyl palmitate (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDRPLSI
SAS Label:

    Retinyl palmitate (umol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.005 to 1.396 | Range of Values | 5867 | 5867 |   
. | Missing | 2965 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXRST - Retinyl stearate (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXRST
SAS Label:

    Retinyl stearate (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Retinyl stearate (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.35 to 15 | Range of Values | 4360 | 4360 |   
. | Missing | 4472 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDRSTSI - Retinyl stearate(umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDRSTSI
SAS Label:

    Retinyl stearate(umol/L)
English Text:

    Retinyl stearate(umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.012 to 0.524 | Range of Values | 4360 | 4360 |   
. | Missing | 4472 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXVIA - Vitamin A (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXVIA
SAS Label:

    Vitamin A (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Vitamin A (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6.7 to 223.2 | Range of Values | 7454 | 7454 |   
. | Missing | 1378 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDVIASI - Vitamin A (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDVIASI
SAS Label:

    Vitamin A (umol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.23 to 7.79 | Range of Values | 7454 | 7454 |   
. | Missing | 1378 | 8832 |   
  
### LBXVIE - Vitamin E (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXVIE
SAS Label:

    Vitamin E (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Vitamin E (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
120 to 7230.3 | Range of Values | 7401 | 7401 |   
. | Missing | 1431 | 8832 |   
  
### LBDVIESI - Vitamin E (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDVIESI
SAS Label:

    Vitamin E (umol/L)
English Text:

    
Target:

     Both males and females 3 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.79 to 167.89 | Range of Values | 7401 | 7401 |   
. | Missing | 1431 | 8832 |   
  
### URXUHG - Mercury, urine (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    URXUHG
SAS Label:

    Mercury, urine (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Mercury, urine (ng/mL)
Target:

     Females only 16 YEARS - 49 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.1 to 68.51 | Range of Values | 1748 | 1748 |   
. | Missing | 7084 | 8832 | 

