ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXSAL - Albumin (g/dL)
    * LBDSALSI - Albumin (g/L)
    * LBXSATSI - ALT (U/L)
    * LBXSASSI - AST (U/L)
    * LBXSAPSI - Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
    * LBXSBU - Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
    * LBDSBUSI - Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCA - Calcium, total (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCASI - Calcium, total (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCH - Cholesterol, total (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCHSI - Cholesterol, total (mmol/L)
    * LBXSC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
    * LBXSGTSI - GGT (U/L)
    * LBXSGL - Glucose (mg/dL)
    * LBDSGLSI - Glucose (mmol/L)
    * LBXSIR - Iron (ug/dL)
    * LBDSIRSI - Iron (umol/L)
    * LBXSLDSI - LDH (U/L)
    * LBXSPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)
    * LBDSPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)
    * LBXSTB - Bilirubin, total (mg/dL)
    * LBDSTBSI - Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
    * LBXSTP - Protein, total (g/dL)
    * LBDSTPSI - Protein, total (g/L)
    * LBXSTR - Triglycerides (mg/dL)
    * LBDSTRSI - Triglycerides (mmol/L)
    * LBXSUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)
    * LBDSUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)
    * LBXSCR - Creatinine (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCRSI - Creatinine (umol/L)
    * LBXSNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)
    * LBXSOSSI - Osmolality (mOsm/kg)
    * LBXSGB - Globulin (g/dL)
    * LBDSGBSI - Globulin (g/L)
    * LBXFSH - Follicle stimulating hormone (mIU/mL)
    * LBDFSHSI - Follicle stimulating hormone (IU/L)
    * LBXLH - Luteinizing hormone (mIU/mL)
    * LBDLHSI - Luteinizing hormone (IU/L)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 1999-2000 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Standard Biochemistry Profile & Hormones (LAB18)

####  Data File: LAB18.xpt

#####  First Published: June 2002

#####  Last Revised: August 2006

## Component Description

This battery of measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
certain liver, heart, and kidney diseases, acid-base imbalance in the
respiratory and metabolic systems, other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrine disorders as well as other metabolic or nutritional
disorders.

1\. Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)  
Alanine aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment
of certain liver diseases (e.g., viral hepatitis and cirrhosis) and heart
diseases. Elevated levels of the transaminases can indicate myocardial
infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage. Serum
elevations of ALT activity are rarely observed except in parenchymal liver
disease, since ALT is a more liver-specific enzyme than aspartate
aminotransferase (AST).

2\. Albumin  
Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous
diseases primarily involving the liver or kidneys.

3\. Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)  
Increased ALP activity is associated with two groups of diseases: those
affecting liver function and those involving osteoblastic activity in the
bones. In hepatic disease, an increase in ALP activity is generally accepted
as an indication of biliary obstruction. An increase in serum phosphatase
activity is associated with primary hyperparathyroidism, secondary
hyperparathyroidism owing to chronic renal disease, rickets, and osteitis
deformans juvenilia due to vitamin D deficiency and malabsorption or renal
tubular dystrophies. Increased levels of ALP are also associated with Von
Recklinghausen's disease with bone involvement and malignant infiltrations of
bone. Low levels are associated with hyperthyroidism, and with the rare
condition of idiopathic hypophosphatasia associated with rickets and the
excretion of excess phosphatidyl ethanolamine in the urine.

4\. Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)  
AST measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of
liver and heart disease. Elevated levels of the transaminases can signal
myocardial infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage.

5\. Bicarbonate (HCO3)  
Together with pH determination, bicarbonate measurements are used in the
diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated
with acid-base imbalance in the respiratory and metabolic systems.

6\. Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)  
BUN measurements are used in the diagnosis of certain renal and metabolic
diseases. The determination of serum urea nitrogen is the most widely used
test for the evaluation of kidney function. The test is frequently requested
in conjunction with the serum creatinine test for the differential diagnosis
of prerenal, renal, and postrenal uremia. High BUN levels are associated with
impaired renal function, increased protein catabolism, nephritis, intestinal
obstruction, urinary obstruction, metallic poisoning, cardiac failure,
peritonitis, dehydration, malignancy, pneumonia, surgical shock, Addison's
disease, and uremia. LowÂ BUN levels are associated with amyloidosis, acute
liver disease, pregnancy, and nephrosis. Normal variations are observed
according to a person's age and sex, the time of day, and diet, particularly
protein intake.

7\. Calcium  
Elevated total serum calcium levels are associated with idiopathic
hypercalcemia, vitamin D intoxication, hyperparathyroidism, sarcoidosis,
pneumocystic carinii pneumonia, and blue diaper syndrome. Low calcium levels
are associated with hypoparathyroidism, pseudo-hypoparathyroidism, chronic
renal failure, rickets, infantile tetany, and steroid therapy.

8\. Cholesterol  
An elevated cholesterol level is associated with diabetes, nephrosis,
hypothyroidism, biliary obstruction, and those rare cases of idiopathic
hypercholesterolemia and hyperlipidemia; low levels are associated with
hyperthyroidism, hepatitis, and sometimes severe anemia or infection.

9\. Creatinine  
Creatinine measurement serves as a test for normal glomerular filtration.
Elevated levels are associated with acute and chronic renal insufficiency and
urinary tract obstruction. Levels below 0.6 mg/dL are of no significance.

10\. Gamma Glutamyl Transaminase ( GGT)  
GT measurement is principally used to diagnose and monitor hepatobiliary
disease. It is currently the most sensitive enzymatic indicator of liver
disease, with normal values rarely found in the presence of hepatic disease.
It is also used as a sensitive screening test for occult alcoholism. Elevated
levels are found in patients who chronically take drugs such as phenobarbital
and phenytoin.

11\. Glucose  
Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic
islet cell carcinoma and of carbohydrate metabolism disorders, including
diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia.

12\. Iron  
Iron (non-heme) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
diseases such as iron deficiency anemia, chronic renal disease, and
hemochromatosis (a disease associated with widespread deposit in the tissues
of two iron-containing pigments, hemosiderin and hemofuscin, and characterized
by pigmentation of the skin).

13\. Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)  
LDH measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases
such as acute viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, and metastatic carcinoma of the
liver; cardiac diseases such as myocardial infarction; and tumors of the lungs
or kidneys.

14\. Phosphorus  
There is a reciprocal relationship between serum calcium and inorganic
phosphorus. Any increase in the level of inorganic phosphorus causes a
decrease in the calcium level by a mechanism not clearly understood.
Hyperphosphatemia is associated with vitamin D hypervitaminosis,
hypoparathyroidism, and renal failure. Hypophosphatemia is associated with
rickets, hyperparathyroidism, and Fanconi syndrome. Measurements of inorganic
phosphorus are used in the diagnosis and treatment of various disorders,
including parathyroid gland, kidney diseases, and vitamin D imbalance.

15\. Iron  
Iron (non-heme) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
diseases such as iron deficiency anemia, chronic renal disease, and
hemochromatosis (a disease associated with widespread deposit in the tissues
of two iron-containing pigments, hemosiderin and hemofuscin, and characterized
by pigmentation of the skin).

16\. Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)  
LDH measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases
such as acute viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, and metastatic carcinoma of the
liver; cardiac diseases such as myocardial infarction; and tumors of the lungs
or kidneys.

17\. Phosphorus  
There is a reciprocal relationship between serum calcium and inorganic
phosphorus. Any increase in the level of inorganic phosphorus causes a
decrease in the calcium level by a mechanism not clearly understood.
Hyperphosphatemia is associated with vitamin D hypervitaminosis,
hypoparathyroidism, and renal failure. Hypophosphatemia is associated with
rickets, hyperparathyroidism, and Fanconi syndrome. Measurements of inorganic
phosphorus are used in the diagnosis and treatment of various disorders,
including parathyroid gland, kidney diseases, and vitamin D imbalance.

18\. Sodium, Potassium, and Chloride  
Hyponatremia (low serum sodium level) is associated with a variety of
conditions, including severe polyuria, metabolic acidosis, Addison's disease,
diarrhea, and renal tubular disease. Hypernatremia (increased serum sodium
level) is associated with Cushing's syndrome, severe dehydration due to
primary water loss, certain types of brain injury, diabetic coma after therapy
with insulin, and excess treatment with sodium salts.

Hypokalemia (low serum potassium level) is associated with body potassium
deficiency, excessive potassium loss caused by prolonged diarrhea or prolonged
periods of vomiting and increased secretion of mineralocorticosteroids.
Hyperkalemia (increased serum potassium level) is associated with oliguria,
anuria, and urinary obstruction.  
Low serum chloride values are associated with salt-losing nephritis;
Addisonian crisis, prolonged vomiting, and metabolic acidosis caused by
excessive production or diminished excretion of acids. High serum chloride
values are associated with dehydration and conditions causing decreased renal
blood flow, such as congestive heart failure.

19\. Total Bilirubin  
Elevated levels are associated with hemolytic jaundice, paroxysmal
hemoglobinuria, pernicious anemia, polycythemia, icterus neonatorum, internal
hemorrhage, acute hemolytic anemia, malaria, and septicemia. Low bilirubin
levels are associated with aplastic anemia, and certain types of secondary
anemia resulting from toxic therapy for carcinoma and chronic nephritis.

20\. Total Protein  
Total protein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of a
variety of diseases involving the liver, kidney, or bone marrow, as well as
other metabolic or nutritional disorders.

21\. Triglycerides  
Triglyceride measurements are used in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus,
nephrosis, liver obstruction, and other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrine disorders and in the treatment of patients with these
diseases.

22\. Uric Acid  
Uric acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous
renal and metabolic disorders, including renal failure, gout, leukemia,
psoriasis, starvation, or other wasting conditions and in the treatment of
patients receiving cytotoxic drugs.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 12 years and older who do not meet any of the exclusion
criteria are eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

The 21 analytes described in this method constitute the routine biochemistry
profile. The analyses are performed with a Hitachi Model 704 multichannel
analyzer (Boehringer Mannheim Diagnostics, Indianapolis, IN). Each analyte is
described separately within each pertinent section of this document. NOTE:
Glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides were analyzed as part of this profile,
but the results do not replace the formalized reference methods data from
NHANES 1999-2000 samples analyzed at other institutions.

Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)  
a-Ketoglutarate reacts with L-alanine in the presence of ALT to form
L-glutamate plus pyruvate. The indicator reaction utilizes the pyruvate for a
kinetic determination of NADH consumption. As a group the transaminases
catalyze the interconversion of amino acids and a-ketoacids by transfer of
amino groups.

Albumin  
At the reaction pH, the Bromcresol purple (BCP) in the Boehringer Mannheim
Diagnostics (BMD) albumin system reagent binds selectively with albumin. This
reaction is based on a modification of a method described by Doumas. Although
BCP is structurally similar to the conventional Bromcresol green (BCG), its pH
color change interval is higher (5.2 - 6.8) than the color change interval for
BCG (3.8 - 5.4), thus reducing the number of weak electrostatic dye/protein
interactions. The BCP system eliminates many of the nonspecific reactions with
other serum proteins with the increased pH. In addition, the use of a sample
blank eliminates background spectral interferences not completely removed by
bichromatic analyses.

Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)  
p-Nitrophenylphosphate is hydrolyzed in the presence of magnesium ions by
phosphatase to phosphate and p-nitrophenol. The rate of p-nitrophenol
liberation is proportional to the alkaline phosphatase activity and can be
measured photometrically.

Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)  
a-Ketoglutarate reacts with L-aspartate in the presence of AST to form
L-glutamate plus oxaloacetate. The indicator reaction utilizes the
oxaloacetate for a kinetic determination of NADH consumption. As a group the
transaminases catalyze the interconversion of amino acids and a-ketoacids by
transfer of amino groups.

Bicarbonate (HCO3)  
Bicarbonate reacts with phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) in the presence of PEPC to
produce oxaloacetate and phosphate. The resultant consumption of NADH causes a
decrease in absorbance in the UV range (320 to 400 nm). The rate of change in
absorbance is directly proportional to the concentration of bicarbonate in the
sample being assayed.

Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)  
Urea is hydrolyzed by urease to form CO2 and ammonia. The ammonia formed then
reacts with a-ketoglutarate and NADH in the presence of GLDH to yield
glutamate and NAD+. The decrease in absorbance due to consumption of NADH is
measured kinetically.

Calcium  
Calcium reacts with o-cresolphthalein complexone in the presence of
8-hydroxyquinoline to form a purple chromophore. The intensity of the final
color reaction is proportional to the amount of calcium in the specimen.

O-Cresolphthalein complexone offers a rapid, specific, and sensitive method
for the quantitative determination of calcium in serum. This method and other
compleximetric methods for the determination of calcium, which are derived
from the work of Schwarzenbach, are less tedious than the classic permanganate
reference procedures. In 1966, Connerty and Briggs devised a manual
photometric method using o-cresolphthalein complexone with protein
precipitation to release bound calcium and 8-hydroxyquinoline to mask the
interference by magnesium. Sarkar and Chauhan introduced a direct
determination of serum calcium in 1967 and modified by Baginski et al in 1973.
Others have adapted this method for use with automated analyzers.

Cholesterol  
All cholesterol esters present in serum or plasma are hydrolyzed
quantitatively into free cholesterol and fatty acids by microbial cholesterol
esterase. In the presence of oxygen, free cholesterol is oxidized by
cholesterol oxidase to cholest-4-en-3-one. The H2O2 reacts in the presence of
peroxidase (POD) with phenol and 4-aminophenazone to form a 0-quinone amine
dye. The intensity of the color formed is proportional to the cholesterol
concentration and can be measured photometrically.

Creatinine  
The creatinine method presented below is based on the work of Popper et al and
Seeling and Wuest utilizing the JaffÃ© reaction. This modification resulted in
higher sensitivity and better precision when compared to the original JaffÃ©
method.  
In an alkaline medium, creatinine forms a yellow-orange colored complex with
picric acid.Â

Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â
alkaline  
Creatinine + picric acidÂ ------------> creatinine-picric acid complex

The rate of color formation is proportional to the concentration of creatinine
present and may be measured photometrically.

Gamma Glutamyltransaminase (g-GT)  
The g-GT activity at both normal and abnormal levels measured with
g-glutamylp-nitroanilide and its carboxy derivative was identical. The
procedure described below is based on the studies of Persijn and van der Slik
using the readily soluble L-g-glutamyl-3-carboxy-4-nitroanilide as the
substrate for g-GT activity determinations. The rate of
5-amino-2-nitrobenzoate liberation is proportional to g-GT activity and can be
measured photometrically.

Glucose  
The glucose hexokinase method described here, based on the work of Schmidt and
Peterson and Young, has long been recognized as the most specific method for
the determination of glucose. Hexokinase catalyzes the phosphorylation of
glucose by ATP; G-6-P is oxidized to 6-phosphogluconate in the presence of
NADP by the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase. No other carbohydrate is
oxidized. The amount of NADPH formed during the reaction is equivalent to the
amount of D-glucose in the specimen and can be measured photometrically by the
increase in absorbance.

Iron  
Fe3+ is separated from transferrin by means of guanidinium chloride in the
weakly acidic pH range andÂ reduced to Fe2+ with ascorbic acid. Fe2+ then
forms a colored complex with ferrozine.

Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)  
The LD reaction proceeds as follows: NAD and lactate are converted in
equimolar amounts at the same rate. The rate at which NADH is formed is
determined by an increase in absorbance and is directly proportional to enzyme
activity.

Phosphorus  
Inorganic phosphorus reacts with ammonium molybdate in an acidic solution to
form ammonium phosphomolybdate with a formula of (NH4) 3 [PO4 (MoO3)12]. The
ammonium phosphomolybdate is quantified in the ultraviolet range (340 nm),
utilizing a sample blanked endpoint method.

Sodium, Potassium, and Chloride  
An Ion-Selective Electrode (ISE) makes use of the unique properties of certain
membrane materials to develop an electrical potential (electromotive force,
EMF) for the measurements of ions in solution. The electrode has a selective
membrane in contact with both the test solution and an internal filling
solution. The internal filling solution contains the test ion at a fixed
concentration. Because of the particular nature of the membrane, the test ions
will closely associate with the membrane on each side. The membrane EMF is
determined by the difference in concentration of the test ion in the test
solution and the internal filling solution. The EMF develops according to the
Nernst equation for a specific ion in solution:

(1) E = Eo + x ln

Where: E = electrode EMF  
Eo = standard EMF  
R = constant  
T = temperature  
n = charge of the ion  
F = Faradayâs constant  
ln = natural logarithm (base e)  
f = activity coefficient  
Ct = ion concentration in test solution  
Ci = ion concentration in internal filling solution

For sodium, potassium, and chloride, which all carry a single charge, R, T, n,
and F are combined into a single value referred to as the slope (S). For
determinations on the Roche/Hitachi ISE Modules where the sample is diluted
1:31, the ionic strength, and therefore, the activity coefficient are
essentially constant. (For the Roche/Hitachi 736 ISE Module the sample is
diluted 1:16). The concentration of the test ion in the internal filling
solution is also constant. These constants may be combined into the Eo term.
The value of Eo is also specific for the type of reference electrode used.
Equation (1) can be rewritten to reflect these conditions:

(2) E = E'o + S x ln (Ct)

The complete measurement system for a particular ion includes the ISE, a
reference electrode, and electronic circuits to measure and process the EMF to
give the test ion concentration. The direct-liquid-junction type reference
electrode renews the reference electrode solution before and after sample
measurement. The electromotive force is then measured to prevent drift. The
type of ISE used on the ISE Module is classified as the liquid/liquid junction
type. The sodium and potassium electrodes are based on neutral carriers and
the chloride electrode is based on an ion exchanger.

Sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of aldosteronism
(excessive secretion of the hormone aldosterone), diabetes insipidus (chronic
excretion of large amounts of dilute urine, accompanied by extreme thirst),
adrenal hypertension, Addisonâs disease (caused by destruction of the
adrenal glands), dehydration, inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or
other diseases involving electrolyte imbalance. Potassium measurements are
used to monitor electrolyte balance in the diagnosis and treatment of disease
conditions characterized by low or high blood potassium levels. Chloride
measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of electrolyte and
metabolic disorders such as cystic fibrosis and diabetic acidosis.

Total Bilirubin  
Total bilirubin is coupled with a diazonium salt (DPD) in a strongly acid
medium (pH 1 to 2). The intensityÂ of the color of the azobilirubin produced
is proportional to the total bilirubin concentration and can be measured
photometrically

Total Protein  
Colorimetric assay  
\- Sample and addition of R1 (blank reagent)  
\- Addition of R2 (Biuret reagent) and start of the reaction: Divalent copper
reacts in alkaline solution with protein peptide bonds to form the
characteristic purple-colored Biuret complex. Sodium potassium tartrate
prevents the precipitation of copper hydroxide and potassium iodide prevents
autoreduction of copper. The color intensity is directly proportional to the
protein concentration that can be determined photometrically. Plasma proteins
are synthesized predominantly in the liver, plasma cells, lymph nodes, and the
spleen and in bone marrow. In the course of disease the total protein
concentration and also the percentage represented by individual fractions can
significantly deviate from normal values.

Triglycerides  
The following method, while based on Wahlefeldâs work, uses lipase taken
from a microorganism to promote rapid and complete hydrolysis of triglycerides
to glycerol with subsequent oxidation to dihydroxyacetone phosphate and
hydrogen peroxide. In the presence of peroxidase, the peroxide reacts with
4-aminophenazone and 4-chlorophenol in a Trinder reaction to a colorimetric
endpoint.

Uric Acid  
Uric acid is oxidized by the specific enzyme uricase to form allantoin and
H2O2. The intensity of the red color formed is proportional to the uric acid
concentration.

The test described here is the colorimetric method developed by Town, et al.
The sample is initially incubated with a reagent mixture containing ascorbate
oxidase and a clearing system. In this test system it is important that any
ascorbic acid present in the sample is eliminated in the preliminary reaction;
this precludes any ascorbic acid interference with the subsequent POD
indicator reaction. Upon addition of the starter reagent, oxidation of uric
acid by uricase begins.

Follicle Stimulating Hormone and Luteinizing Hormone  
IMx Ultrasensitive FSH and LH is a Microparticle Enzyme Immunoassay (MEIA) for
the quantitative determination of human hormone in serum or plasma on the IMx
analyzer.

Human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH, follitropin) is a glycoprotein of
approximately 30,000 daltons which, like luteinizing hormone (LH, lutropin),
consists of two noncovalently associated subunits designated alpha and beta.
The alpha subunit of FSH contains 92 amino acids. The beta subunit of FSH is
unique and confers its immunological and functional specificity.

At menopause ovarian function is diminished, with concomitant decrease in
estradiol secretion. FSH and LH then increase significantly in response to
diminished feedback inhibition of gonadotropin release.

A detailed description of the laboratory method used can be found at NHANES
website.

**Survey Staff**

The NHANES 1999-2000 laboratory staff consists of medical technologists and
phlebotomists. The medical technologists hold baccalaureates in medical
technology. The American Society for Clinical Pathologists or a similar
organization certifies the medical technologists and the phlebotomists. All
laboratory staff completes comprehensive training in standardized laboratory
procedures before they begin working in the MEC. The MEC phlebotomists
complete comprehensive training in pediatric phlebotomy techniques, including
instruction by a pediatric nurse practitioner.

**Data Collection Forms**

Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are discussed in the
NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM). Each chapter
in the LPM specifies the procedure to be used for preparation of the
participant, specimen collection, labeling, processing, and preservation, and
conditions for specimen transport that are appropriate for that method.

## Data Processing and Editing

Automated data collection procedures for the survey were introduced in NHANES
1999-2000. In the mobile examination centers (MECs) and analytical
laboratories, data for the laboratory component is recorded directly onto a
computerized data collection form. The system is centrally integrated and it
allows for ongoing monitoring of much of the data. While the complete blood
count and pregnancy analyses are performed in the MEC laboratory, most
analyses are conducted elsewhere by approximately 24 laboratories across the
United States.

Guidelines are developed that provided standards for naming variables, filling
missing values, and handling missing records. NCHS staff, assisted by contract
staff, develops data editing specifications that check data sets for valid
codes, ranges, and skip pattern consistencies and examine the consistency of
values between interrelated variables. Comments are reviewed and recoded. NCHS
staff verifies extremely high and low values whenever possible, and numerous
consistency checks are performed. Nonetheless, users should examine the range
and frequency of values before analyzing data.

For laboratory tests with a lower detection limit, results below the lower
detection limit are replaced with a value equal to the detection limit divided
by the square root of two. This value is created to help the user distinguish
a nondetectable laboratory test result from a measured laboratory test result.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

**MEC**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured quality assurance evaluation during
unscheduled visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the
quality-control procedures. Each laboratory staff person is observed for
equipment operation, specimen collection and preparation, and testing
procedures and constructive feedback is given to each staff. Formal retraining
sessions are conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were
maintained.

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols meet the 1988
Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control and
quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical
Technologists Procedures Manual (LPM).

**Analytical laboratories**

NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
second examinations on previously examined participants and blind split
samples collected on "dry run" sessions. In addition, contract laboratories
randomly perform repeat testing on 2.0 percent of all specimens. NCHS
developed and distributed a quality control protocol for all the Contract
laboratories outlining the Westgard rules used when running NHANES specimens.
Progress reports containing any problems encountered during shipping or
receipt of specimens, summary statistics for each control pool, QC graphs,
instrument calibration, reagents, and any special considerations are submitted
to NCHS and Westat quarterly. The reports are reviewed for trends or shifts in
the data. The laboratories are required to explain any identified areas of
concern. NCHS/Westat is currently reviewing these reports.

## Analytic Notes

**Correction for Serum Creatinine for NHANES 1999-2000 is highly recommended:
**

Serum creatinine is not standardized in many laboratories. The National Kidney
Disease Education Program is attempting to have all laboratories standardize
serum creatinine to reference methods (Myers, GL, et al. Recommendations for
Improving Serum Creatinine Measurement: A Report from the Laboratory Working
Group of the National Kidney Disease Education Program. Clin. Chem. 2006;
5-18). Equations for estimating glomerular filtration rate (GFR) from
standardized creatinine have been published (Stevens LA, et al. N Engl J Med.
2006 Jun 8;354(23):2473-83). Serum creatinine assays on 196 stored specimens
from NHANES 1999-2000 were used to determine if serum creatinine needed to be
adjusted when compared to a method traceable to a âgoldâ standard
reference method. The Cleveland Clinic Foundation (CCF) laboratory analyzed
the serum creatinine specimens using a Roche coupled enzymatic assay
(creatininase, creatinase, sarcosine oxidase, kits # 1775677 and 1775766)
performed on a Roche P Module instrument. The Roche method calibrators were
traceable to an isotope dilution mass spectrometric method for serum
creatinine using standard references methods (NIST SRM 967) and confirmed by
analysis of CAP LN-24 linearity set based on NIST assigned values. Serum
creatinine by the Roche method was then compared to the original NHANES
1999-2000 measurements which used the Jaffe kinetic alkaline picrate method
performed on a Roche Hitachi 917 analyzer. There were significant differences
in results between these two measurements. The comparison of values revealed
the mean (SD) serum creatinine at NHANES, CCF, and their difference were 0.838
(0.310), 0.996 (0.314), and 0.158 (0.056) mg/dL, respectively (paired t-test,
p<0.0001). The Deming regression (adjusting for errors in measurement) for the
correction is Standard Creatinine (Y) = 1.013*NHANES Creatinine (X) + 0.147 (r
= 0.984).

**LBXSTR:**

This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXTR), rather
than the (LBXSTR) value, is generally recommended. For most analyses, the
appropriate variable to use is (LBXTR). The value from the biochemistry
profile (LBXSTR) should not be used routinely.

**LBXSIR:**

This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXIRN), rather
than the (LBXSIR) value, is generally recommended. For most analyses of serum
iron, the appropriate variable to use will be (LBXIRN). The (LBXSIR) value
from the biochemistry profile should not be used routinely.

**LBXSCH:**

This value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical assessments.
Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method (LBXTC), rather
than the (LBXSCH) value, is generally recommended. For most analyses of serum
cholesterol, the appropriate variable to use will be (LBXTC). The (LBXSCH)
value from the biochemistry profile should not be used routinely

**LBXFSH and LBXLH** :

These tests are performed only on females aged 35-60 years.

**Special Notes about this Dataset**

The analysis of NHANES 1999-2000 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 1999-2000
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain all survey design variables and sample weights
for these age groups. The phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such
as the conditions precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and
phlebotomy files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier SEQN.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXSAL - Albumin (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSAL
SAS Label:

    Albumin (g/dL)
English Text:

    Albumin (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.2 to 5.7 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSALSI - Albumin (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSALSI
SAS Label:

    Albumin (g/L)
English Text:

    Albumin (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
12 to 57 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSATSI - ALT (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSATSI
SAS Label:

    ALT (U/L)
English Text:

    ALT (U/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
4 to 1163 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSASSI - AST (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSASSI
SAS Label:

    AST (U/L)
English Text:

    AST (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7 to 827 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSAPSI - Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSAPSI
SAS Label:

    Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
English Text:

    Alkaline phosphotase (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
20 to 728 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSBU - Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSBU
SAS Label:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3 to 76 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSBUSI - Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSBUSI
SAS Label:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Blood urea nitrogen (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.1 to 27.1 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSCA - Calcium, total (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCA
SAS Label:

    Calcium, total (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Calcium, total (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
7.1 to 13.5 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSCASI - Calcium, total (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCASI
SAS Label:

    Calcium, total (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Calcium, total (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.775 to 3.375 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSCH - Cholesterol, total (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCH
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol, total (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Cholesterol, total (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
65 to 554 | Range of Values | 6232 | 6232 |   
. | Missing | 526 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSCHSI - Cholesterol, total (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCHSI
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol, total (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Cholesterol, total (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.68 to 14.33 | Range of Values | 6232 | 6232 |   
. | Missing | 526 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSC3SI
SAS Label:

    Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
12 to 38 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSGTSI - GGT (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGTSI
SAS Label:

    GGT (U/L)
English Text:

    GGT (U/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3 to 1291 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSGL - Glucose (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGL
SAS Label:

    Glucose (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Glucose (mg/dL) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
41 to 571 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSGLSI - Glucose (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSGLSI
SAS Label:

    Glucose (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Glucose (mmol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.276 to 31.696 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSIR - Iron (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSIR
SAS Label:

    Iron (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Iron (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
8 to 282 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSIRSI - Iron (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSIRSI
SAS Label:

    Iron (umol/L)
English Text:

    Iron (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.43 to 50.51 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSLDSI - LDH (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSLDSI
SAS Label:

    LDH (U/L)
English Text:

    LDH (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
45 to 719 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSPH
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.7 to 8.1 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSPHSI
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.549 to 2.615 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSTB - Bilirubin, total (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTB
SAS Label:

    Bilirubin, total (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Bilirubin, total (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.1 to 4.2 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSTBSI - Bilirubin, total (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTBSI
SAS Label:

    Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
English Text:

    Bilirubin, total (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.7 to 71.8 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSTP - Protein, total (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTP
SAS Label:

    Protein, total (g/dL)
English Text:

    Protein, total (g/dL) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
3.6 to 11 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSTPSI - Protein, total (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTPSI
SAS Label:

    Protein, total (g/L)
English Text:

    Protein, total (g/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
36 to 110 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSTR - Triglycerides (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTR
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Triglycerides (mg/dL) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
16 to 2276 | Range of Values | 6232 | 6232 |   
. | Missing | 526 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSTRSI - Triglycerides (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTRSI
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Triglycerides (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.181 to 25.696 | Range of Values | 6232 | 6232 |   
. | Missing | 526 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSUA
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.6 to 13.7 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSUASI
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (umol/L)
English Text:

    Uric acid (umol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
95.2 to 814.9 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSCR - Creatinine (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCR
SAS Label:

    Creatinine (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Creatinine (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.2 to 11.8 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSCRSI - Creatinine (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCRSI
SAS Label:

    Creatinine (umol/L)
English Text:

    Creatinine (umol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
17.7 to 1043.1 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSNASI
SAS Label:

    Sodium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Sodium (mmol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
123.4 to 149.6 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSKSI
SAS Label:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Potassium (mmol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.73 to 6.63 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCLSI
SAS Label:

    Chloride (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Chloride (mmol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
86.1 to 112.6 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSOSSI - Osmolality (mOsm/kg)

Variable Name:

    LBXSOSSI
SAS Label:

    Osmolality (mOsm/kg)
English Text:

    Osmolality (mOsm/kg) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
245 to 307 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXSGB - Globulin (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGB
SAS Label:

    Globulin (g/dL)
English Text:

    Globulin (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.9 to 7.9 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDSGBSI - Globulin (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSGBSI
SAS Label:

    Globulin (g/L)
English Text:

    Globulin (g/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
19 to 79 | Range of Values | 6230 | 6230 |   
. | Missing | 528 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXFSH - Follicle stimulating hormone (mIU/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXFSH
SAS Label:

    Follicle stimulating hormone (mIU/mL)
English Text:

    Follicle stimulating hormone (mIU/mL)
Target:

     Females only 35 YEARS - 60 YEARS
Hard Edits:

    000.00 to 999.99
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.14 to 143.39 | Range of Values | 829 | 829 |   
. | Missing | 5929 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDFSHSI - Follicle stimulating hormone (IU/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDFSHSI
SAS Label:

    Follicle stimulating hormone (IU/L)
English Text:

    Follicle stimulating hormone (IU/L) 
Target:

     Females only 35 YEARS - 60 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.01 to 143.39 | Range of Values | 829 | 829 |   
. | Missing | 5929 | 6758 |   
  
### LBXLH - Luteinizing hormone (mIU/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXLH
SAS Label:

    Luteinizing hormone (mIU/mL)
English Text:

    Luteinizing hormone (mIU/mL)
Target:

     Females only 35 YEARS - 60 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.14 to 132.96 | Range of Values | 820 | 820 |   
. | Missing | 5938 | 6758 |   
  
### LBDLHSI - Luteinizing hormone (IU/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDLHSI
SAS Label:

    Luteinizing hormone (IU/L)
English Text:

    Luteinizing hormone (IU/L) 
Target:

     Females only 35 YEARS - 60 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.14 to 132.96 | Range of Values | 820 | 820 |   
. | Missing | 5938 | 6758 | 

