ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Protocol and Procedure
  * Quality Assurance & Quality Control
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * OHDEXSTS - Overall Oral Health Exam Status
    * OHDPDSTS - Periodontal Status Code
    * OHDEXCLU - Excluded from perio exam for med reasons
    * OHX02CJD - LOA: Max R(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX02CJM - LOA: Max R(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX02CJS - LOA: Max R(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX02CJP - LOA: Max R(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX02CJL - LOA: Max R(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX02CJA - LOA: Max R(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX02PCD - LOA: Max R(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX02PCM - LOA: Max R(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX02PCS - LOA: Max R(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX02PCP - LOA: Max R(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX02PCL - LOA: Max R(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX02PCA - LOA: Max R(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX02LAD - LOA: Max R(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX02LAM - LOA: Max R(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX02LAS - LOA: Max R(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX02LAP - LOA: Max R(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX02LAL - LOA: Max R(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX02LAA - LOA: Max R(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX03CJD - LOA: Max R(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX03CJM - LOA: Max R(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX03CJS - LOA: Max R(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX03CJP - LOA: Max R(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX03CJL - LOA: Max R(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX03CJA - LOA: Max R(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX03PCD - LOA: Max R(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX03PCM - LOA: Max R(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX03PCS - LOA: Max R(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX03PCP - LOA: Max R(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX03PCL - LOA: Max R(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX03PCA - LOA: Max R(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX03LAD - LOA: Max R(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX03LAM - LOA: Max R(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX03LAS - LOA: Max R(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX03LAP - LOA: Max R(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX03LAL - LOA: Max R(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX03LAA - LOA: Max R(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX04CJD - LOA: Max R(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX04CJM - LOA: Max R(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX04CJS - LOA: Max R(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX04CJP - LOA: Max R(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX04CJL - LOA: Max R(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX04CJA - LOA: Max R(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX04PCD - LOA: Max R(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX04PCM - LOA: Max R(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX04PCS - LOA: Max R(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX04PCP - LOA: Max R(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX04PCL - LOA: Max R(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX04PCA - LOA: Max R(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX04LAD - LOA: Max R(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX04LAM - LOA: Max R(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX04LAS - LOA: Max R(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX04LAP - LOA: Max R(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX04LAL - LOA: Max R(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX04LAA - LOA: Max R(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX05CJD - LOA: Max R(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX05CJM - LOA: Max R(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX05CJS - LOA: Max R(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX05CJP - LOA: Max R(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX05CJL - LOA: Max R(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX05CJA - LOA: Max R(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX05PCD - LOA: Max R(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX05PCM - LOA: Max R(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX05PCS - LOA: Max R(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX05PCP - LOA: Max R(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX05PCL - LOA: Max R(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX05PCA - LOA: Max R(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX05LAD - LOA: Max R(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX05LAM - LOA: Max R(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX05LAS - LOA: Max R(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX05LAP - LOA: Max R(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX05LAL - LOA: Max R(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX05LAA - LOA: Max R(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX06CJD - LOA: Max R(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX06CJM - LOA: Max R(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX06CJS - LOA: Max R(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX06CJP - LOA: Max R(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX06CJL - LOA: Max R(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX06CJA - LOA: Max R(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX06PCD - LOA: Max R(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX06PCM - LOA: Max R(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX06PCS - LOA: Max R(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX06PCP - LOA: Max R(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX06PCL - LOA: Max R(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX06PCA - LOA: Max R(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX06LAD - LOA: Max R(C) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX06LAM - LOA: Max R(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX06LAS - LOA: Max R(C) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX06LAP - LOA: Max R(C) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX06LAL - LOA: Max R(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX06LAA - LOA: Max R(C) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX07CJD - LOA: Max R(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX07CJM - LOA: Max R(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX07CJS - LOA: Max R(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX07CJP - LOA: Max R(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX07CJL - LOA: Max R(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX07CJA - LOA: Max R(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX07PCD - LOA: Max R(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX07PCM - LOA: Max R(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX07PCS - LOA: Max R(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX07PCP - LOA: Max R(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX07PCL - LOA: Max R(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX07PCA - LOA: Max R(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX07LAD - LOA: Max R(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX07LAM - LOA: Max R(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX07LAS - LOA: Max R(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX07LAP - LOA: Max R(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX07LAL - LOA: Max R(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX07LAA - LOA: Max R(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX08CJD - LOA: Max R(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX08CJM - LOA: Max R(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX08CJS - LOA: Max R(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX08CJP - LOA: Max R(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX08CJL - LOA: Max R(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX08CJA - LOA: Max R(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX08PCD - LOA: Max R(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX08PCM - LOA: Max R(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX08PCS - LOA: Max R(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX08PCP - LOA: Max R(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX08PCL - LOA: Max R(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX08PCA - LOA: Max R(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX08LAD - LOA: Max R(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX08LAM - LOA: Max R(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX08LAS - LOA: Max R(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX08LAP - LOA: Max R(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX08LAL - LOA: Max R(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX08LAA - LOA: Max R(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX09CJD - LOA: Max L(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX09CJM - LOA: Max L(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX09CJS - LOA: Max L(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX09CJP - LOA: Max L(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX09CJL - LOA: Max L(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX09CJA - LOA: Max L(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX09PCD - LOA: Max L(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX09PCM - LOA: Max L(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX09PCS - LOA: Max L(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX09PCP - LOA: Max L(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX09PCL - LOA: Max L(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX09PCA - LOA: Max L(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX09LAD - LOA: Max L(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX09LAM - LOA: Max L(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX09LAS - LOA: Max L(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX09LAP - LOA: Max L(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX09LAL - LOA: Max L(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX09LAA - LOA: Max L(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX10CJD - LOA: Max L(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX10CJM - LOA: Max L(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX10CJS - LOA: Max L(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX10CJP - LOA: Max L(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX10CJL - LOA: Max L(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX10CJA - LOA: Max L(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX10PCD - LOA: Max L(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX10PCM - LOA: Max L(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX10PCS - LOA: Max L(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX10PCP - LOA: Max L(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX10PCL - LOA: Max L(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX10PCA - LOA: Max L(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX10LAD - LOA: Max L(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX10LAM - LOA: Max L(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX10LAS - LOA: Max L(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX10LAP - LOA: Max L(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX10LAL - LOA: Max L(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX10LAA - LOA: Max L(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX11CJD - LOA: Max L(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX11CJM - LOA: Max L(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX11CJS - LOA: Max L(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX11CJP - LOA: Max L(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX11CJL - LOA: Max L(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX11CJA - LOA: Max L(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX11PCD - LOA: Max L(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX11PCM - LOA: Max L(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX11PCS - LOA: Max L(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX11PCP - LOA: Max L(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX11PCL - LOA: Max L(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX11PCA - LOA: Max L(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX11LAD - LOA: Max L(C) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX11LAM - LOA: Max L(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX11LAS - LOA: Max L(C) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX11LAP - LOA: Max L(C) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX11LAL - LOA: Max L(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX11LAA - LOA: Max L(C) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX12CJD - LOA: Max L(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX12CJM - LOA: Max L(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX12CJS - LOA: Max L(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX12CJP - LOA: Max L(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX12CJL - LOA: Max L(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX12CJA - LOA: Max L(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX12PCD - LOA: Max L(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX12PCM - LOA: Max L(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX12PCS - LOA: Max L(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX12PCP - LOA: Max L(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX12PCL - LOA: Max L(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX12PCA - LOA: Max L(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX12LAD - LOA: Max L(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX12LAM - LOA: Max L(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX12LAS - LOA: Max L(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX12LAP - LOA: Max L(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX12LAL - LOA: Max L(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX12LAA - LOA: Max L(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX13CJD - LOA: Max L(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX13CJM - LOA: Max L(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX13CJS - LOA: Max L(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX13CJP - LOA: Max L(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX13CJL - LOA: Max L(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX13CJA - LOA: Max L(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX13PCD - LOA: Max L(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX13PCM - LOA: Max L(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX13PCS - LOA: Max L(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX13PCP - LOA: Max L(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX13PCL - LOA: Max L(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX13PCA - LOA: Max L(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX13LAD - LOA: Max L(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX13LAM - LOA: Max L(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX13LAS - LOA: Max L(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX13LAP - LOA: Max L(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX13LAL - LOA: Max L(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX13LAA - LOA: Max L(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX14CJD - LOA: Max L(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX14CJM - LOA: Max L(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX14CJS - LOA: Max L(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX14CJP - LOA: Max L(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX14CJL - LOA: Max L(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX14CJA - LOA: Max L(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX14PCD - LOA: Max L(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX14PCM - LOA: Max L(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX14PCS - LOA: Max L(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX14PCP - LOA: Max L(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX14PCL - LOA: Max L(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX14PCA - LOA: Max L(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX14LAD - LOA: Max L(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX14LAM - LOA: Max L(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX14LAS - LOA: Max L(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX14LAP - LOA: Max L(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX14LAL - LOA: Max L(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX14LAA - LOA: Max L(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX15CJD - LOA: Max L(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX15CJM - LOA: Max L(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX15CJS - LOA: Max L(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX15CJP - LOA: Max L(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX15CJL - LOA: Max L(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX15CJA - LOA: Max L(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX15PCD - LOA: Max L(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX15PCM - LOA: Max L(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX15PCS - LOA: Max L(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX15PCP - LOA: Max L(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX15PCL - LOA: Max L(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX15PCA - LOA: Max L(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX15LAD - LOA: Max L(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX15LAM - LOA: Max L(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX15LAS - LOA: Max L(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX15LAP - LOA: Max L(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX15LAL - LOA: Max L(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX15LAA - LOA: Max L(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX18CJD - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX18CJM - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX18CJS - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX18CJP - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX18CJL - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX18CJA - LOA: Mnd L(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX18PCD - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX18PCM - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX18PCS - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX18PCP - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX18PCL - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX18PCA - LOA: Mnd L(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX18LAD - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX18LAM - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX18LAS - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX18LAP - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX18LAL - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX18LAA - LOA: Mnd L(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX19CJD - LOA: Mnd L(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX19CJM - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX19CJS - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX19CJP - LOA: Max L(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX19CJL - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX19CJA - LOA: Mnd L(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX19PCD - LOA: Mnd L(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX19PCM - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX19PCS - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX19PCP - LOA: Mnd L(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX19PCL - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX19PCA - LOA: Mnd L(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX19LAD - LOA: Mnd L(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX19LAM - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX19LAS - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX19LAP - LOA: Mnd L(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX19LAL - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX19LAA - LOA: Mnd L(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX20CJD - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX20CJM - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX20CJS - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX20CJP - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX20CJL - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX20CJA - LOA: Mnd L(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX20PCD - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX20PCM - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX20PCS - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX20PCP - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX20PCL - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX20PCA - LOA: Mnd L(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX20LAD - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX20LAM - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX20LAS - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX20LAP - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX20LAL - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX20LAA - LOA: Mnd L(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX21CJD - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX21CJM - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX21CJS - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX21CJP - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX21CJL - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX21CJA - LOA: Mnd L(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX21PCD - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX21PCM - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX21PCS - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX21PCP - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX21PCL - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX21PCA - LOA: Mnd L(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX21LAD - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX21LAM - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX21LAS - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX21LAP - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX21LAL - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX21LAA - LOA: Mnd L(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX22CJD - LOA: Mnd L(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX22CJM - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX22CJS - LOA: Mnd L(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX22CJP - LOA: Mnd L(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX22CJL - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX22CJA - LOA: Mnd L(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX22PCD - LOA: Mnd L(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX22PCM - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX22PCS - LOA: Mnd L(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX22PCP - LOA: Mnd L(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX22PCL - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX22PCA - LOA: Mnd L(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX22LAD - LOA: Mnd L(C) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX22LAM - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX22LAS - LOA: Mnd L(C) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX22LAP - LOA: Mnd L(C) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX22LAL - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX22LAA - LOA: Mnd L(C) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX23CJD - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX23CJM - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX23CJS - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX23CJP - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX23CJL - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX23CJA - LOA: Mnd L(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX23PCD - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX23PCM - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX23PCS - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX23PCP - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX23PCL - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX23PCA - LOA: Mnd L(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX23LAD - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX23LAM - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX23LAS - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX23LAP - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX23LAL - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX23LAA - LOA: Mnd L(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX24CJD - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX24CJM - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX24CJS - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX24CJP - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX24CJL - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX24CJA - LOA: Mnd L(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX24PCD - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX24PCM - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX24PCS - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX24PCP - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX24PCL - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX24PCA - LOA: Mnd L(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX24LAD - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX24LAM - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX24LAS - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX24LAP - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX24LAL - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX24LAA - LOA: Mnd L(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX25CJD - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX25CJM - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX25CJS - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX25CJP - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX25CJL - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX25CJA - LOA: Mnd R(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX25PCD - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX25PCM - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX25PCS - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX25PCP - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX25PCL - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX25PCA - LOA: Mnd R(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX25LAD - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX25LAM - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX25LAS - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX25LAP - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX25LAL - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX25LAA - LOA: Mnd R(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX26CJD - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX26CJM - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX26CJS - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX26CJP - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX26CJL - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX26CJA - LOA: Mnd R(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX26PCD - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX26PCM - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX26PCS - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX26PCP - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX26PCL - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX26PCA - LOA: Mnd R(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX26LAD - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX26LAM - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX26LAS - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX26LAP - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX26LAL - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX26LAA - LOA: Mnd R(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX27CJD - LOA: Mnd R(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX27CJM - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX27CJS - LOA: Mnd R(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX27CJP - LOA: Mnd R(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX27CJL - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX27CJA - LOA: Mnd R(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX27PCD - LOA: Mnd R(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX27PCM - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX27PCS - LOA: Mnd R(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX27PCP - LOA: Mnd R(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX27PCL - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX27PCA - LOA: Mnd R(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX27LAD - LOA: Mnd R(C) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX27LAM - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX27LAS - LOA: Mnd R(C) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX27LAP - LOA: Mnd R(C) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX27LAL - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX27LAA - LOA: Mnd R(C) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX28CJD - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX28CJM - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX28CJS - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX28CJP - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX28CJL - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX28CJA - LOA: Mnd R(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX28PCD - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX28PCM - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX28PCS - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX28PCP - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX28PCL - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX28PCA - LOA: Mnd R(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX28LAD - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX28LAM - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX28LAS - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX28LAP - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX28LAL - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX28LAA - LOA: Mnd R(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX29CJD - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX29CJM - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX29CJS - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX29CJP - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX29CJL - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX29CJA - LOA: Mnd R(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX29PCD - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX29PCM - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX29PCS - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX29PCP - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX29PCL - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX29PCA - LOA: Mnd R(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX29LAD - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX29LAM - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX29LAS - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX29LAP - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX29LAL - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX29LAA - LOA: Mnd R(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX30CJD - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX30CJM - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX30CJS - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX30CJP - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX30CJL - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX30CJA - LOA: Mnd R(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX30PCD - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX30PCM - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX30PCS - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX30PCP - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX30PCL - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX30PCA - LOA: Mnd R(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX30LAD - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX30LAM - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX30LAS - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX30LAP - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX30LAL - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX30LAA - LOA: Mnd R(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX31CJD - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX31CJM - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX31CJS - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX31CJP - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX31CJL - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX31CJA - LOA: Mnd R(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
    * OHX31PCD - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX31PCM - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX31PCS - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX31PCP - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX31PCL - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX31PCA - LOA: Mnd R(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
    * OHX31LAD - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX31LAM - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX31LAS - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX31LAP - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX31LAL - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
    * OHX31LAA - LOA: Mnd R(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2009-2010 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Oral Health - Periodontal (OHXPER_F)

####  Data File: OHXPER_F.xpt

#####  First Published: April 2012

#####  Last Revised: April 2014

## Component Description

NHANES is critical for monitoring oral health status, risk indicators for
disease, and access to preventive and treatment services. This component will
address public health significance in areas of surveillance, prevention,
treatment, dental care utilization, health policy, evaluation of Federal
health programs, standardization of new methods, and oral health disparities.

Oral health data from NHANES will be used for:

  * Assessing the prevalence of major oral health diseases and conditions including dental caries, periodontal disease, and dental fluorosis 
  * Assessing prevention and treatment efforts including the prevalence of dental sealants 
  * Evaluating specific public health programs/new policies and initiatives 
  * Monitoring the oral health status of minority/underserved populations 
  * Evaluating **_Healthy People 2010 and 2020_** objectives related to oral health 
  * Supporting research activities as identified in the 2000 Surgeon General's Report on **_Oral Health in the United States_**

The oral health examination section (OHX) provides information on a number of
oral health topics. These topic areas and related target population groups in
the OHX section include:

  * Tooth count (3-19 and 30 yrs and older) 
  * Basic Screening Exam (assess the presence of at least one tooth with dental decay, a dental restoration, and a dental sealant) (3-19 yrs) 
  * Dental fluorosis assessment (6-19 yrs) 
  * Periodontal pockets, recession, and loss of attachment (30 yrs and older) 
  * Recommendations for dental care (3-19 and 30 yrs and older)



## Eligible Sample

All survey participants 3-19 and 30 years and older were eligible for the oral
health examination. Participants aged 30 years and older were eligible for the
periodontal evaluation if they had at least one tooth (excluding third molars)
and did not meet any of the health exclusion criteria. Medical health-
screening questions were asked to the participants by the oral health
examiners prior to beginning to oral health examination in accordance with
approved study protocols for the prevention of infective endocarditis.



## Protocol and Procedure

All examiners for 2009-10 oral health examination were dental hygienists
registered in at least one U.S. state. In 2009-10, the basic screening exam
construct is similar to the assessment conducted in 2005-08. The dental
fluorosis assessment was limited to the upper six anterior teeth. The 2009-10
periodontal examination was a full-mouth, six-site per tooth assessment.



## Quality Assurance & Quality Control

The quality of data in this survey is controlled by (1) an intense training
period for the health technologists who were assigned to conduct the oral
health examinations with calibration of OH examiners prior to the beginning of
the survey, (2) periodic monitoring and recalibration of OH examiners, and (3)
periodic retraining of OH examination teams. The reference examiner will visit
each team three times per year to observe field operations and to replicate 20
to 25 OH examinations during each visit. The purpose of these "expert
replications" is to determine if the field examiners are maintaining the
examination standards achieved during training and to measure the degree of
deviation, if any, from those standards. If the inter-rater correlation is not
within acceptable limits, retraining is conducted on site and future
monitoring of the field examiner intensified. An annual retraining session for
each dental examiner also is conducted by the reference examiner to reinforce
existing protocols and to accommodate protocol updates as needed. All OH
training, calibration, and field replicate exams were conducted by the NHANES
survey expert dentist.

Automated data collection procedures for the survey were introduced in NHANES
1999. In the mobile examination centers (MECs), data for the oral health
component are recorded directly onto a computerized data collection form. The
system is integrated centrally and it allows for ongoing monitoring of much of
the data. As part of an on-going quality control practice, all data are
reviewed systematically for logical inconsistencies and examiner error.
Internal quality control data review indicates that data quality is
acceptable.



## Data Processing and Editing

Frequency counts were checked, "skip" patterns were verified, and the
reasonableness of responses to the questions was reviewed.



## Analytic Notes

The oral health data is released in three separate data files as follows:

  * Dentition Exam (ohxden_f): Tooth count and basic screening exam. 
  * Periodontal Exam (ohxper_f): Periodontal pockets, recession, and loss of attachment. 
  * Referral (ohxref_f): Report of findings-dental care recommendations, and miscellaneous. 

Oral health data from these 3 files can be linked using the unique survey
participant identifier, SEQN. In addition to the oral health examination data,
oral health questionnaire data can be found in the oral health section of the
NHANES 2009-2010 Home Interview Files (OHQ). These data may be linked using
the unique survey participant identifier, SEQN. Although these data were
collected as part of the household questionnaire, if they are merged with the
MEC exam data, exam sample weights should be used for the analyses. Please
refer to the Analytic Guidelines on the NHANES website for further details on
the use of sample weights and other analytic issues. The Analytic Guidelines
are available on the NHANES website.

If data from this release is combined with oral health data data from previous
data cycles for analysis, users should understand that methodological
differences (in data collection) may exist among similar, earlier assessments
and this may bias the analysis conducted.

At the time of this first release of the NHANES 2009-2010 oral health data,
the 2009-2010 dental fluorosis data was not available for release because of
ongoing data review.



## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### OHDEXSTS - Overall Oral Health Exam Status

Variable Name:

    OHDEXSTS
SAS Label:

    Overall Oral Health Exam Status
English Text:

    Overall Oral Health Exam Status
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Complete | 4084 | 4084 |   
2 | Partial | 44 | 4128 |   
3 | Not done | 909 | 5037 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5037 |   
  
### OHDPDSTS - Periodontal Status Code

Variable Name:

    OHDPDSTS
SAS Label:

    Periodontal Status Code
English Text:

    Periodontal Status Code
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Complete | 4086 | 4086 |   
2 | Partial | 41 | 4127 |   
3 | Not Done | 910 | 5037 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5037 |   
  
### OHDEXCLU - Excluded from perio exam for med reasons

Variable Name:

    OHDEXCLU
SAS Label:

    Excluded from perio exam for med reasons
English Text:

    Excluded from perio exam for med reasons
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Yes | 295 | 295 |   
2 | No | 4742 | 5037 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02CJD - LOA: Max R(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2700 | 2700 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1396 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02CJM - LOA: Max R(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 2 | Range of Values | 2711 | 2711 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1385 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02CJS - LOA: Max R(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 2 | Range of Values | 2718 | 2718 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1378 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02CJP - LOA: Max R(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 2712 | 2712 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1384 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02CJL - LOA: Max R(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mid - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 2725 | 2725 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1371 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02CJA - LOA: Max R(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2726 | 2726 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1370 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02PCD - LOA: Max R(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2700 | 2700 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1396 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02PCM - LOA: Max R(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 2711 | 2711 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1385 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02PCS - LOA: Max R(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2718 | 2718 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1378 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02PCP - LOA: Max R(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2712 | 2712 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1384 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02PCL - LOA: Max R(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2725 | 2725 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1371 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02PCA - LOA: Max R(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2726 | 2726 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1370 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02LAD - LOA: Max R(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 2700 | 2700 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1396 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02LAM - LOA: Max R(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement)(mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2711 | 2711 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1385 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02LAS - LOA: Max R(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement)(mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2718 | 2718 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1378 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02LAP - LOA: Max R(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) distal lingual - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement)(mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2712 | 2712 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1384 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02LAL - LOA: Max R(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement)(mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2725 | 2725 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1371 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX02LAA - LOA: Max R(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX02LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd molar (2M) mesio- lingual - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement)(mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2726 | 2726 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1370 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03CJD - LOA: Max R(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 1 | Range of Values | 2710 | 2710 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1386 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03CJM - LOA: Max R(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-9 to 1 | Range of Values | 2709 | 2709 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1387 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03CJS - LOA: Max R(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 1 | Range of Values | 2710 | 2710 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1386 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03CJP - LOA: Max R(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-12 to 2 | Range of Values | 2711 | 2711 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1385 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03CJL - LOA: Max R(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mid - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-12 to 1 | Range of Values | 2715 | 2715 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1381 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03CJA - LOA: Max R(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 2 | Range of Values | 2713 | 2713 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1383 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03PCD - LOA: Max R(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 2710 | 2710 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1386 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03PCM - LOA: Max R(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 2709 | 2709 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1387 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03PCS - LOA: Max R(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2710 | 2710 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1386 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03PCP - LOA: Max R(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2711 | 2711 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1385 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03PCL - LOA: Max R(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5 | Range of Values | 2715 | 2715 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1381 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03PCA - LOA: Max R(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2713 | 2713 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1383 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03LAD - LOA: Max R(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2710 | 2710 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1386 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03LAM - LOA: Max R(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2709 | 2709 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1387 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03LAS - LOA: Max R(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 2710 | 2710 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1386 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03LAP - LOA: Max R(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) distal lingual - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement)(mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 16 | Range of Values | 2711 | 2711 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1385 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03LAL - LOA: Max R(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 2715 | 2715 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1381 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX03LAA - LOA: Max R(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX03LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st molar (1M) mesio- lingual - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2713 | 2713 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1383 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04CJD - LOA: Max R(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2891 | 2891 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1206 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04CJM - LOA: Max R(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 2889 | 2889 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1208 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04CJS - LOA: Max R(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-5 to 2 | Range of Values | 2893 | 2893 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1204 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04CJP - LOA: Max R(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2887 | 2887 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1210 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04CJL - LOA: Max R(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 1 | Range of Values | 2887 | 2887 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1210 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04CJA - LOA: Max R(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2884 | 2884 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1213 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04PCD - LOA: Max R(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2891 | 2891 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1206 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04PCM - LOA: Max R(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 2889 | 2889 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1208 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04PCS - LOA: Max R(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 2893 | 2893 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1204 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04PCP - LOA: Max R(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2887 | 2887 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1210 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04PCL - LOA: Max R(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2887 | 2887 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1210 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04PCA - LOA: Max R(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2884 | 2884 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1213 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04LAD - LOA: Max R(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2891 | 2891 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1206 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04LAM - LOA: Max R(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2889 | 2889 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1208 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04LAS - LOA: Max R(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2893 | 2893 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1204 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04LAP - LOA: Max R(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal lingual - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement)(mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2887 | 2887 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1210 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04LAL - LOA: Max R(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2887 | 2887 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1210 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX04LAA - LOA: Max R(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX04LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2884 | 2884 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1213 | 4097 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05CJD - LOA: Max R(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2815 | 2815 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1281 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05CJM - LOA: Max R(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 1 | Range of Values | 2814 | 2814 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1282 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05CJS - LOA: Max R(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-9 to 2 | Range of Values | 2816 | 2816 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1280 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05CJP - LOA: Max R(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-9 to 2 | Range of Values | 2806 | 2806 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1290 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05CJL - LOA: Max R(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-9 to 1 | Range of Values | 2809 | 2809 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1287 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05CJA - LOA: Max R(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 2804 | 2804 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1292 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05PCD - LOA: Max R(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 2815 | 2815 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1281 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05PCM - LOA: Max R(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth)(mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 2814 | 2814 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1282 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05PCS - LOA: Max R(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2816 | 2816 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1280 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05PCP - LOA: Max R(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2806 | 2806 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1290 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05PCL - LOA: Max R(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 2809 | 2809 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1287 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05PCA - LOA: Max R(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2804 | 2804 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1292 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05LAD - LOA: Max R(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 2815 | 2815 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1281 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05LAM - LOA: Max R(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2814 | 2814 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1282 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05LAS - LOA: Max R(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2816 | 2816 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1280 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05LAP - LOA: Max R(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 2806 | 2806 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1290 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05LAL - LOA: Max R(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 15 | Range of Values | 2809 | 2809 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1287 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX05LAA - LOA: Max R(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX05LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 2804 | 2804 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1292 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06CJD - LOA: Max R(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3336 | 3336 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 760 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06CJM - LOA: Max R(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 3335 | 3335 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 761 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06CJS - LOA: Max R(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3334 | 3334 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 762 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06CJP - LOA: Max R(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 1 | Range of Values | 3280 | 3280 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 816 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06CJL - LOA: Max R(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 3 | Range of Values | 3330 | 3330 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 766 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06CJA - LOA: Max R(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3307 | 3307 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 789 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06PCD - LOA: Max R(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 3336 | 3336 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 760 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06PCM - LOA: Max R(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 3335 | 3335 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 761 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06PCS - LOA: Max R(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3334 | 3334 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 762 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06PCP - LOA: Max R(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3280 | 3280 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 816 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06PCL - LOA: Max R(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3330 | 3330 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 766 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06PCA - LOA: Max R(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3307 | 3307 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 789 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06LAD - LOA: Max R(C) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3336 | 3336 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 760 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06LAM - LOA: Max R(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mid-facial - Level of attachment calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3335 | 3335 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 761 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06LAS - LOA: Max R(C) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 15 | Range of Values | 3334 | 3334 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 762 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06LAP - LOA: Max R(C) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3280 | 3280 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 816 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06LAL - LOA: Max R(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3330 | 3330 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 766 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX06LAA - LOA: Max R(C) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX06LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(C) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right cuspid (C) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 15 | Range of Values | 3307 | 3307 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 789 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07CJD - LOA: Max R(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3164 | 3164 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 932 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07CJM - LOA: Max R(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3174 | 3174 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 922 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07CJS - LOA: Max R(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 2 | Range of Values | 3168 | 3168 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 928 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07CJP - LOA: Max R(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3155 | 3155 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 941 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07CJL - LOA: Max R(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3172 | 3172 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 924 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07CJA - LOA: Max R(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 1 | Range of Values | 3116 | 3116 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 980 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07PCD - LOA: Max R(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3164 | 3164 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 932 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07PCM - LOA: Max R(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3174 | 3174 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 922 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07PCS - LOA: Max R(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3168 | 3168 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 928 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07PCP - LOA: Max R(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3155 | 3155 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 941 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07PCL - LOA: Max R(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3172 | 3172 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 924 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07PCA - LOA: Max R(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3116 | 3116 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 980 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07LAD - LOA: Max R(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3164 | 3164 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 932 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07LAM - LOA: Max R(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 16 | Range of Values | 3174 | 3174 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 922 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07LAS - LOA: Max R(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3168 | 3168 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 928 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07LAP - LOA: Max R(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3155 | 3155 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 941 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07LAL - LOA: Max R(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3172 | 3172 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 924 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX07LAA - LOA: Max R(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX07LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right lateral incisor (LI) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3116 | 3116 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 980 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08CJD - LOA: Max R(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3191 | 3191 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 905 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08CJM - LOA: Max R(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3198 | 3198 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 898 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08CJS - LOA: Max R(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 2 | Range of Values | 3198 | 3198 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 898 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08CJP - LOA: Max R(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-5 to 1 | Range of Values | 3168 | 3168 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 928 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08CJL - LOA: Max R(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 1 | Range of Values | 3205 | 3205 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 891 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08CJA - LOA: Max R(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3195 | 3195 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 901 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08PCD - LOA: Max R(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3191 | 3191 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 905 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08PCM - LOA: Max R(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 3198 | 3198 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 898 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08PCS - LOA: Max R(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3198 | 3198 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 898 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08PCP - LOA: Max R(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3168 | 3168 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 928 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08PCL - LOA: Max R(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3205 | 3205 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 891 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08PCA - LOA: Max R(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3195 | 3195 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 901 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08LAD - LOA: Max R(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3191 | 3191 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 905 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08LAM - LOA: Max R(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3198 | 3198 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 898 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08LAS - LOA: Max R(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3198 | 3198 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 898 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08LAP - LOA: Max R(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3168 | 3168 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 928 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08LAL - LOA: Max R(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3205 | 3205 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 891 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX08LAA - LOA: Max R(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX08LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max R(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper right central incisor (CI) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3195 | 3195 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 901 | 4096 |   
. | Missing | 941 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09CJD - LOA: Max L(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 3158 | 3158 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 935 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09CJM - LOA: Max L(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3174 | 3174 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 919 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09CJS - LOA: Max L(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3170 | 3170 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 923 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09CJP - LOA: Max L(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3124 | 3124 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 969 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09CJL - LOA: Max L(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3176 | 3176 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 917 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09CJA - LOA: Max L(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3159 | 3159 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 934 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09PCD - LOA: Max L(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3158 | 3158 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 935 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09PCM - LOA: Max L(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3174 | 3174 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 919 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09PCS - LOA: Max L(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 3170 | 3170 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 923 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09PCP - LOA: Max L(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3124 | 3124 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 969 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09PCL - LOA: Max L(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3176 | 3176 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 917 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09PCA - LOA: Max L(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3159 | 3159 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 934 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09LAD - LOA: Max L(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 3158 | 3158 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 935 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09LAM - LOA: Max L(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3174 | 3174 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 919 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09LAS - LOA: Max L(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3170 | 3170 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 923 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09LAP - LOA: Max L(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3124 | 3124 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 969 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09LAL - LOA: Max L(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3176 | 3176 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 917 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX09LAA - LOA: Max L(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX09LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left central incisor (CI) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3159 | 3159 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 934 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10CJD - LOA: Max L(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3131 | 3131 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 962 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10CJM - LOA: Max L(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3151 | 3151 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 942 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10CJS - LOA: Max L(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3141 | 3141 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 952 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10CJP - LOA: Max L(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3126 | 3126 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 967 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10CJL - LOA: Max L(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3149 | 3149 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 944 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10CJA - LOA: Max L(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3048 | 3048 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1045 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10PCD - LOA: Max L(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3131 | 3131 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 962 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10PCM - LOA: Max L(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5 | Range of Values | 3151 | 3151 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 942 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10PCS - LOA: Max L(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3141 | 3141 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 952 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10PCP - LOA: Max L(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 3126 | 3126 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 967 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10PCL - LOA: Max L(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3149 | 3149 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 944 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10PCA - LOA: Max L(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3048 | 3048 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1045 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10LAD - LOA: Max L(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 3131 | 3131 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 962 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10LAM - LOA: Max L(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3151 | 3151 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 942 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10LAS - LOA: Max L(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3141 | 3141 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 952 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10LAP - LOA: Max L(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3126 | 3126 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 967 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10LAL - LOA: Max L(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3149 | 3149 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 944 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX10LAA - LOA: Max L(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX10LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left lateral incisor (LI) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3048 | 3048 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1045 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11CJD - LOA: Max L(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3315 | 3315 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 778 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11CJM - LOA: Max L(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 1 | Range of Values | 3312 | 3312 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 781 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11CJS - LOA: Max L(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 3312 | 3312 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 781 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11CJP - LOA: Max L(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3236 | 3236 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 857 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11CJL - LOA: Max L(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3308 | 3308 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 785 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11CJA - LOA: Max L(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3253 | 3253 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 840 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11PCD - LOA: Max L(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3315 | 3315 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 778 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11PCM - LOA: Max L(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3312 | 3312 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 781 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11PCS - LOA: Max L(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3312 | 3312 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 781 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11PCP - LOA: Max L(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3236 | 3236 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 857 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11PCL - LOA: Max L(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3308 | 3308 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 785 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11PCA - LOA: Max L(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3253 | 3253 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 840 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11LAD - LOA: Max L(C) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3315 | 3315 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 778 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11LAM - LOA: Max L(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 3312 | 3312 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 781 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11LAS - LOA: Max L(C) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3312 | 3312 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 781 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11LAP - LOA: Max L(C) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3236 | 3236 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 857 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11LAL - LOA: Max L(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 3308 | 3308 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 785 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX11LAA - LOA: Max L(C) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX11LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(C) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left cuspid (C) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 16 | Range of Values | 3253 | 3253 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 840 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12CJD - LOA: Max L(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2796 | 2796 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1297 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12CJM - LOA: Max L(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 2796 | 2796 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1297 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12CJS - LOA: Max L(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-5 to 2 | Range of Values | 2793 | 2793 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1300 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12CJP - LOA: Max L(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2794 | 2794 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1299 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12CJL - LOA: Max L(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2801 | 2801 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1292 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12CJA - LOA: Max L(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2784 | 2784 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1309 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12PCD - LOA: Max L(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2796 | 2796 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1297 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12PCM - LOA: Max L(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 2796 | 2796 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1297 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12PCS - LOA: Max L(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2793 | 2793 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1300 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12PCP - LOA: Max L(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2794 | 2794 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1299 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12PCL - LOA: Max L(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2801 | 2801 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1292 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12PCA - LOA: Max L(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2784 | 2784 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1309 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12LAD - LOA: Max L(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2796 | 2796 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1297 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12LAM - LOA: Max L(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2796 | 2796 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1297 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12LAS - LOA: Max L(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2793 | 2793 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1300 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12LAP - LOA: Max L(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2794 | 2794 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1299 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12LAL - LOA: Max L(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2801 | 2801 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1292 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX12LAA - LOA: Max L(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX12LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 2784 | 2784 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1309 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13CJD - LOA: Max L(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 1 | Range of Values | 2885 | 2885 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1208 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13CJM - LOA: Max L(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 2889 | 2889 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1204 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13CJS - LOA: Max L(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2890 | 2890 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1203 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13CJP - LOA: Max L(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 2888 | 2888 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1205 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13CJL - LOA: Max L(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-9 to 1 | Range of Values | 2894 | 2894 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1199 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13CJA - LOA: Max L(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2889 | 2889 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1204 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13PCD - LOA: Max L(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2885 | 2885 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1208 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13PCM - LOA: Max L(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 2889 | 2889 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1204 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13PCS - LOA: Max L(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2890 | 2890 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1203 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13PCP - LOA: Max L(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2888 | 2888 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1205 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13PCL - LOA: Max L(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2894 | 2894 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1199 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13PCA - LOA: Max L(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2889 | 2889 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1204 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13LAD - LOA: Max L(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2885 | 2885 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1208 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13LAM - LOA: Max L(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2889 | 2889 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1204 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13LAS - LOA: Max L(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2890 | 2890 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1203 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13LAP - LOA: Max L(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2888 | 2888 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1205 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13LAL - LOA: Max L(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 2894 | 2894 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1199 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX13LAA - LOA: Max L(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX13LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 2889 | 2889 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1204 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14CJD - LOA: Max L(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-12 to 2 | Range of Values | 2673 | 2673 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1420 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14CJM - LOA: Max L(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-12 to 1 | Range of Values | 2685 | 2685 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1408 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14CJS - LOA: Max L(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-12 to 1 | Range of Values | 2691 | 2691 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1402 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14CJP - LOA: Max L(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 2685 | 2685 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1408 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14CJL - LOA: Max L(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-12 to 1 | Range of Values | 2686 | 2686 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1407 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14CJA - LOA: Max L(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 3 | Range of Values | 2681 | 2681 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1412 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14PCD - LOA: Max L(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2673 | 2673 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1420 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14PCM - LOA: Max L(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2685 | 2685 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1408 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14PCS - LOA: Max L(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2691 | 2691 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1402 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14PCP - LOA: Max L(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2685 | 2685 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1408 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14PCL - LOA: Max L(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 2686 | 2686 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1407 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14PCA - LOA: Max L(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2681 | 2681 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1412 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14LAD - LOA: Max L(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 15 | Range of Values | 2673 | 2673 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1420 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14LAM - LOA: Max L(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2685 | 2685 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1408 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14LAS - LOA: Max L(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 15 | Range of Values | 2691 | 2691 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1402 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14LAP - LOA: Max L(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 2685 | 2685 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1408 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14LAL - LOA: Max L(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 2686 | 2686 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1407 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX14LAA - LOA: Max L(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX14LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 1st molar (1M) mesio- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2681 | 2681 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1412 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15CJD - LOA: Max L(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2715 | 2715 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1378 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15CJM - LOA: Max L(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2735 | 2735 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1358 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15CJS - LOA: Max L(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2739 | 2739 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1354 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15CJP - LOA: Max L(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-9 to 2 | Range of Values | 2749 | 2749 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1344 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15CJL - LOA: Max L(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-12 to 2 | Range of Values | 2754 | 2754 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1339 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15CJA - LOA: Max L(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2753 | 2753 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1340 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15PCD - LOA: Max L(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2715 | 2715 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1378 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15PCM - LOA: Max L(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 2735 | 2735 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1358 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15PCS - LOA: Max L(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2739 | 2739 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1354 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15PCP - LOA: Max L(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2749 | 2749 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1344 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15PCL - LOA: Max L(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2754 | 2754 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1339 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15PCA - LOA: Max L(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2753 | 2753 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1340 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15LAD - LOA: Max L(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2715 | 2715 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1378 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15LAM - LOA: Max L(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2735 | 2735 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1358 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15LAS - LOA: Max L(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2739 | 2739 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1354 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15LAP - LOA: Max L(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2749 | 2749 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1344 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15LAL - LOA: Max L(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 16 | Range of Values | 2754 | 2754 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1339 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX15LAA - LOA: Max L(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX15LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Upper left 2nd molar (2M) mesio- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 2753 | 2753 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1340 | 4093 |   
. | Missing | 944 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18CJD - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2551 | 2551 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1539 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18CJM - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2551 | 2551 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1539 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18CJS - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 2561 | 2561 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1529 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18CJP - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 2522 | 2522 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1568 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18CJL - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 2534 | 2534 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1556 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18CJA - LOA: Mnd L(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 2539 | 2539 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1551 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18PCD - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2551 | 2551 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1539 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18PCM - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2551 | 2551 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1539 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18PCS - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2561 | 2561 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1529 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18PCP - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2522 | 2522 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1568 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18PCL - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2534 | 2534 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1556 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18PCA - LOA: Mnd L(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2539 | 2539 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1551 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18LAD - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2551 | 2551 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1539 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18LAM - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2551 | 2551 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1539 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18LAS - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2561 | 2561 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1529 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18LAP - LOA: Mnd L(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 2522 | 2522 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1568 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18LAL - LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2534 | 2534 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1556 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX18LAA - LOA: Mnd L(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX18LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd molar (2M) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 2539 | 2539 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1551 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19CJD - LOA: Mnd L(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2324 | 2324 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1766 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19CJM - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 1 | Range of Values | 2328 | 2328 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1762 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19CJS - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 1 | Range of Values | 2327 | 2327 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1763 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19CJP - LOA: Max L(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Max L(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2308 | 2308 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1782 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19CJL - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2321 | 2321 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1769 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19CJA - LOA: Mnd L(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2320 | 2320 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1770 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19PCD - LOA: Mnd L(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2324 | 2324 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1766 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19PCM - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 2328 | 2328 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1762 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19PCS - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2327 | 2327 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1763 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19PCP - LOA: Mnd L(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2308 | 2308 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1782 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19PCL - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2321 | 2321 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1769 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19PCA - LOA: Mnd L(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2320 | 2320 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1770 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19LAD - LOA: Mnd L(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2324 | 2324 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1766 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19LAM - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2328 | 2328 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1762 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19LAS - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2327 | 2327 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1763 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19LAP - LOA: Mnd L(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2308 | 2308 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1782 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19LAL - LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2321 | 2321 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1769 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX19LAA - LOA: Mnd L(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX19LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st molar (1M) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2320 | 2320 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1770 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20CJD - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3111 | 3111 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 979 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20CJM - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3116 | 3116 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 974 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20CJS - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 1 | Range of Values | 3097 | 3097 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 993 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20CJP - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3104 | 3104 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 986 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20CJL - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3113 | 3113 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 977 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20CJA - LOA: Mnd L(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3105 | 3105 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 985 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20PCD - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3111 | 3111 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 979 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20PCM - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 3116 | 3116 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 974 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20PCS - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 3097 | 3097 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 993 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20PCP - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 3104 | 3104 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 986 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20PCL - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3113 | 3113 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 977 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20PCA - LOA: Mnd L(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3105 | 3105 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 985 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20LAD - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3111 | 3111 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 979 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20LAM - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3116 | 3116 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 974 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20LAS - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - Level of attachment calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3097 | 3097 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 993 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20LAP - LOA: Mnd L(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3104 | 3104 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 986 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20LAL - LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3113 | 3113 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 977 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX20LAA - LOA: Mnd L(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX20LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3105 | 3105 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 985 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21CJD - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 2 | Range of Values | 3275 | 3275 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 815 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21CJM - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3276 | 3276 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 814 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21CJS - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3267 | 3267 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 823 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21CJP - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 2 | Range of Values | 3256 | 3256 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 834 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21CJL - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3262 | 3262 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 828 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21CJA - LOA: Mnd L(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 1 | Range of Values | 3236 | 3236 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 854 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21PCD - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3275 | 3275 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 815 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21PCM - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5 | Range of Values | 3276 | 3276 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 814 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21PCS - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3267 | 3267 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 823 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21PCP - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3256 | 3256 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 834 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21PCL - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3262 | 3262 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 828 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21PCA - LOA: Mnd L(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3236 | 3236 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 854 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21LAD - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3275 | 3275 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 815 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21LAM - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3276 | 3276 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 814 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21LAS - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3267 | 3267 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 823 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21LAP - LOA: Mnd L(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3256 | 3256 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 834 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21LAL - LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3262 | 3262 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 828 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX21LAA - LOA: Mnd L(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX21LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3236 | 3236 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 854 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22CJD - LOA: Mnd L(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 3613 | 3613 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 477 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22CJM - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-11 to 2 | Range of Values | 3620 | 3620 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 470 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22CJS - LOA: Mnd L(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-9 to 2 | Range of Values | 3577 | 3577 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 513 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22CJP - LOA: Mnd L(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 3508 | 3508 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 582 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22CJL - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3535 | 3535 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 555 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22CJA - LOA: Mnd L(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3331 | 3331 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 759 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22PCD - LOA: Mnd L(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3613 | 3613 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 477 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22PCM - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 3620 | 3620 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 470 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22PCS - LOA: Mnd L(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3577 | 3577 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 513 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22PCP - LOA: Mnd L(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3508 | 3508 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 582 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22PCL - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3535 | 3535 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 555 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22PCA - LOA: Mnd L(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3331 | 3331 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 759 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22LAD - LOA: Mnd L(C) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 3613 | 3613 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 477 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22LAM - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mid-facial - Level of attachment calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm) 
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3620 | 3620 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 470 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22LAS - LOA: Mnd L(C) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3577 | 3577 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 513 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22LAP - LOA: Mnd L(C) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 18 | Range of Values | 3508 | 3508 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 582 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22LAL - LOA: Mnd L(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3535 | 3535 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 555 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX22LAA - LOA: Mnd L(C) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX22LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(C) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left cuspid (C) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 15 | Range of Values | 3331 | 3331 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 759 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23CJD - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3433 | 3433 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 657 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23CJM - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 3526 | 3526 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 564 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23CJS - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3464 | 3464 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 626 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23CJP - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3337 | 3337 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 753 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23CJL - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-9 to 1 | Range of Values | 3412 | 3412 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 678 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23CJA - LOA: Mnd L(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3352 | 3352 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 738 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23PCD - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3433 | 3433 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 657 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23PCM - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3526 | 3526 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 564 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23PCS - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3464 | 3464 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 626 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23PCP - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3337 | 3337 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 753 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23PCL - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3412 | 3412 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 678 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23PCA - LOA: Mnd L(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 3352 | 3352 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 738 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23LAD - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) distal - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3433 | 3433 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 657 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23LAM - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3526 | 3526 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 564 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23LAS - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3464 | 3464 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 626 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23LAP - LOA: Mnd L(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3337 | 3337 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 753 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23LAL - LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3412 | 3412 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 678 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX23LAA - LOA: Mnd L(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX23LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left lateral incisor (LI) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3352 | 3352 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 738 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24CJD - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3431 | 3431 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 659 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24CJM - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3437 | 3437 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 653 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24CJS - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3396 | 3396 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 694 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24CJP - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 1 | Range of Values | 3166 | 3166 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 924 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24CJL - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3220 | 3220 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 870 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24CJA - LOA: Mnd L(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3100 | 3100 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 990 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24PCD - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3431 | 3431 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 659 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24PCM - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 3437 | 3437 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 653 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24PCS - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 3396 | 3396 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 694 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24PCP - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 3166 | 3166 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 924 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24PCL - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5 | Range of Values | 3220 | 3220 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 870 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24PCA - LOA: Mnd L(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3100 | 3100 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 990 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24LAD - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3431 | 3431 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 659 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24LAM - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mid-facial - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3437 | 3437 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 653 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24LAS - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3396 | 3396 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 694 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24LAP - LOA: Mnd L(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3166 | 3166 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 924 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24LAL - LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3220 | 3220 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 870 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX24LAA - LOA: Mnd L(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX24LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd L(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower left central incisor (CI) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3100 | 3100 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 990 | 4090 |   
. | Missing | 947 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25CJD - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3372 | 3372 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 714 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25CJM - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-11 to 2 | Range of Values | 3396 | 3396 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 690 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25CJS - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 2 | Range of Values | 3344 | 3344 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 742 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25CJP - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3108 | 3108 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 978 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25CJL - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3158 | 3158 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 928 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25CJA - LOA: Mnd R(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 2 | Range of Values | 3070 | 3070 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1016 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25PCD - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3372 | 3372 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 714 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25PCM - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 3396 | 3396 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 690 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25PCS - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3344 | 3344 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 742 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25PCP - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3108 | 3108 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 978 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25PCL - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 4 | Range of Values | 3158 | 3158 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 928 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25PCA - LOA: Mnd R(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3070 | 3070 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1016 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25LAD - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3372 | 3372 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 714 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25LAM - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3396 | 3396 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 690 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25LAS - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3344 | 3344 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 742 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25LAP - LOA: Mnd R(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3108 | 3108 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 978 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25LAL - LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 3158 | 3158 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 928 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX25LAA - LOA: Mnd R(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX25LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(CI) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right central incisor (CI) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3070 | 3070 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1016 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26CJD - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3380 | 3380 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 706 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26CJM - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3486 | 3486 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 600 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26CJS - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3454 | 3454 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 632 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26CJP - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3298 | 3298 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 788 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26CJL - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 3345 | 3345 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 741 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26CJA - LOA: Mnd R(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3260 | 3260 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 826 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26PCD - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3380 | 3380 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 706 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26PCM - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3486 | 3486 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 600 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26PCS - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3454 | 3454 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 632 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26PCP - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3298 | 3298 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 788 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26PCL - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5 | Range of Values | 3345 | 3345 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 741 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26PCA - LOA: Mnd R(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3260 | 3260 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 826 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26LAD - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 15 | Range of Values | 3380 | 3380 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 706 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26LAM - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3486 | 3486 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 600 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26LAS - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3454 | 3454 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 632 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26LAP - LOA: Mnd R(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3298 | 3298 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 788 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26LAL - LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3345 | 3345 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 741 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX26LAA - LOA: Mnd R(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX26LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(LI) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3260 | 3260 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 826 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27CJD - LOA: Mnd R(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3582 | 3582 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 504 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27CJM - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-10 to 1 | Range of Values | 3599 | 3599 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 487 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27CJS - LOA: Mnd R(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3554 | 3554 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 532 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27CJP - LOA: Mnd R(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3500 | 3500 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 586 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27CJL - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-9 to 1 | Range of Values | 3488 | 3488 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 598 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27CJA - LOA: Mnd R(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3243 | 3243 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 843 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27PCD - LOA: Mnd R(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3582 | 3582 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 504 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27PCM - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 5 | Range of Values | 3599 | 3599 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 487 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27PCS - LOA: Mnd R(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3554 | 3554 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 532 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27PCP - LOA: Mnd R(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3500 | 3500 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 586 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27PCL - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right lateral incisor (LI) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3488 | 3488 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 598 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27PCA - LOA: Mnd R(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3243 | 3243 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 843 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27LAD - LOA: Mnd R(C) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 3582 | 3582 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 504 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27LAM - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3599 | 3599 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 487 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27LAS - LOA: Mnd R(C) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3554 | 3554 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 532 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27LAP - LOA: Mnd R(C) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3500 | 3500 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 586 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27LAL - LOA: Mnd R(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3488 | 3488 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 598 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX27LAA - LOA: Mnd R(C) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX27LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(C) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right cuspid (C) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3243 | 3243 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 843 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28CJD - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3268 | 3268 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 818 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28CJM - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-9 to 1 | Range of Values | 3272 | 3272 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 814 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28CJS - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 2 | Range of Values | 3256 | 3256 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 830 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28CJP - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3252 | 3252 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 834 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28CJL - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3260 | 3260 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 826 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28CJA - LOA: Mnd R(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3227 | 3227 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 859 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28PCD - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 3268 | 3268 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 818 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28PCM - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 3272 | 3272 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 814 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28PCS - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3256 | 3256 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 830 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28PCP - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3252 | 3252 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 834 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28PCL - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3260 | 3260 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 826 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28PCA - LOA: Mnd R(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 3227 | 3227 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 859 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28LAD - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3268 | 3268 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 818 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28LAM - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 14 | Range of Values | 3272 | 3272 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 814 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28LAS - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3256 | 3256 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 830 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28LAP - LOA: Mnd R(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3252 | 3252 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 834 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28LAL - LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 3260 | 3260 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 826 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX28LAA - LOA: Mnd R(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX28LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1B) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st bicuspid/1st primary molar (1B) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3227 | 3227 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 859 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29CJD - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3132 | 3132 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 954 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29CJM - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 1 | Range of Values | 3130 | 3130 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 956 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29CJS - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3125 | 3125 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 961 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29CJP - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3111 | 3111 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 975 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29CJL - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 3119 | 3119 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 967 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29CJA - LOA: Mnd R(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 3115 | 3115 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 971 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29PCD - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3132 | 3132 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 954 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29PCM - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 3130 | 3130 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 956 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29PCS - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3125 | 3125 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 961 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29PCP - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3111 | 3111 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 975 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29PCL - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3119 | 3119 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 967 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29PCA - LOA: Mnd R(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 3115 | 3115 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 971 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29LAD - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3132 | 3132 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 954 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29LAM - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3130 | 3130 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 956 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29LAS - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 13 | Range of Values | 3125 | 3125 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 961 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29LAP - LOA: Mnd R(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 3111 | 3111 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 975 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29LAL - LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 15 | Range of Values | 3119 | 3119 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 967 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX29LAA - LOA: Mnd R(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX29LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2B) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd bicuspid/2nd primary molar (2B) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 3115 | 3115 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 971 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30CJD - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 2403 | 2403 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1683 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30CJM - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 2401 | 2401 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1685 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30CJS - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 2 | Range of Values | 2400 | 2400 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1686 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30CJP - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2381 | 2381 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1705 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30CJL - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-8 to 1 | Range of Values | 2391 | 2391 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1695 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30CJA - LOA: Mnd R(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2386 | 2386 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1700 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30PCD - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2403 | 2403 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1683 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30PCM - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 2401 | 2401 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1685 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30PCS - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2400 | 2400 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1686 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30PCP - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2381 | 2381 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1705 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30PCL - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 6 | Range of Values | 2391 | 2391 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1695 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30PCA - LOA: Mnd R(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2386 | 2386 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1700 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30LAD - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2403 | 2403 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1683 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30LAM - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mid-facial - LCalculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2401 | 2401 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1685 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30LAS - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 15 | Range of Values | 2400 | 2400 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1686 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30LAP - LOA: Mnd R(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2381 | 2381 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1705 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30LAL - LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mid- lingual - LCalculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2391 | 2391 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1695 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX30LAA - LOA: Mnd R(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX30LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(1M) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 1st molar (1M) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 12 | Range of Values | 2386 | 2386 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1700 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31CJD - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31CJD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) DF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) distal - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-5 to 2 | Range of Values | 2570 | 2570 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1516 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31CJM - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31CJM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2578 | 2578 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1508 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31CJS - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31CJS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) MF FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 1 | Range of Values | 2590 | 2590 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1496 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31CJP - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31CJP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) DL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 2 | Range of Values | 2542 | 2542 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1544 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31CJL - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31CJL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdL FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-6 to 1 | Range of Values | 2558 | 2558 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1528 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31CJA - LOA: Mnd R(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31CJA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) ML FGM-CEJ(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mesio- lingual - FGM to CEJ measurement (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
-7 to 2 | Range of Values | 2559 | 2559 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1527 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31PCD - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31PCD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) DF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) distal - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2570 | 2570 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1516 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31PCM - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31PCM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 2578 | 2578 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1508 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31PCS - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31PCS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) MF FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 7 | Range of Values | 2590 | 2590 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1496 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31PCP - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31PCP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) DL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2542 | 2542 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1544 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31PCL - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31PCL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdL FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2558 | 2558 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1528 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31PCA - LOA: Mnd R(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31PCA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) ML FGM-sulcus(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mesio- lingual - FGM to sulcus base (pocket depth) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 8 | Range of Values | 2559 | 2559 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1527 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31LAD - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31LAD
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) DF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) distal - Calculation of : (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 10 | Range of Values | 2570 | 2570 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1516 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31LAM - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31LAM
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mid-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2578 | 2578 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1508 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31LAS - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31LAS
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) MF calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mesio-facial - Calculation of : (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 9 | Range of Values | 2590 | 2590 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1496 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31LAP - LOA: Mnd R(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31LAP
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) DL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) distal - lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to CEJ measurement) - (FGM to sulcus base measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2542 | 2542 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1544 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31LAL - LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31LAL
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) MdL calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mid- lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2558 | 2558 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1528 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 |   
  
### OHX31LAA - LOA: Mnd R(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)

Variable Name:

    OHX31LAA
SAS Label:

    LOA: Mnd R(2M) ML calculated AL(mm)
English Text:

    Loss of Attachment: Lower right 2nd molar (2M) mesio-lingual - Calculation of: (FGM to sulcus base measurement) - (FGM to CEJ measurement) (mm)
Target:

     Both males and females 30 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 to 11 | Range of Values | 2559 | 2559 |   
99 | Cannot be assessed | 1527 | 4086 |   
. | Missing | 951 | 5037 | 

