### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Method Files
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent Sequence Number
    * LBXSATSI - Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT) (U/L)
    * LBDSATLC - ALT Comment Code
    * LBXSAL - Albumin, refrigerated serum (g/dL)
    * LBDSALSI - Albumin, refrigerated serum (g/L)
    * LBXSAPSI - Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP) (IU/L)
    * LBXSASSI - Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST) (U/L)
    * LBXSC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
    * LBXSBU - Blood Urea Nitrogen (mg/dL)
    * LBDSBUSI - Blood Urea Nitrogen (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCK - Creatine Phosphokinase (CPK) (IU/L)
    * LBXSCR - Creatinine, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCRSI - Creatinine, refrigerated serum (umol/L)
    * LBXSGB - Globulin (g/dL)
    * LBDSGBSI - Globulin (g/L)
    * LBXSGL - Glucose, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)
    * LBDSGLSI - Glucose, refrigerated serum (mmol/L)
    * LBXSGTSI - Gamma Glutamyl Transferase (GGT) (IU/L)
    * LBDSGTLC - GGT Comment Code
    * LBXSIR - Iron, refrigerated serum (ug/dL)
    * LBDSIRSI - Iron, refrigerated serum (umol/L)
    * LBXSLDSI - Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH) (IU/L)
    * LBXSOSSI - Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
    * LBXSPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)
    * LBDSPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)
    * LBXSKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSTB - Total Bilirubin (mg/dL)
    * LBDSTBSI - Total Bilirubin (umol/L)
    * LBDSTBLC - Total Bilirubin Comment Code
    * LBXSCA - Total Calcium (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCASI - Total Calcium (mmol/L)
    * LBXSCH - Cholesterol, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)
    * LBDSCHSI - Cholesterol, refrigerated serum (mmol/L)
    * LBXSTP - Total Protein (g/dL)
    * LBDSTPSI - Total Protein (g/L)
    * LBXSTR - Triglycerides, refrig serum (mg/dL)
    * LBDSTRSI - Triglycerides, refrig serum (mmol/L)
    * LBXSUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)
    * LBDSUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2017-March 2020 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Standard Biochemistry Profile (P_BIOPRO)

####  Data File: P_BIOPRO.xpt

##### First Published: August 2021

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

The NHANES program suspended field operations in March 2020 due to the
coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. As a result, data collection for
the NHANES 2019-2020 cycle was not completed and the collected data are not
nationally representative. Therefore, data collected from 2019 to March 2020
were combined with data from the NHANES 2017-2018 cycle to form a nationally
representative sample of NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data. These data
are available to the public. Please refer to the Analytic Notes section for
more details on the use of the data.

These series of measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
certain liver, heart, and kidney diseases; acid-base imbalance in the
respiratory and metabolic systems; other diseases involving lipid metabolism;
various endocrine disorders; as well as other metabolic or nutritional
disorders.

**Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)       **

Alanine aminotransferase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment
of certain liver diseases (e.g., viral hepatitis and cirrhosis) and heart
diseases. Elevated levels of the transaminases can indicate myocardial
infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage. Serum
elevations of ALT activity are rarely observed, except in parenchymal liver
disease since ALT is a more liver-specific enzyme than aspartate
aminotransferase (AST).

**Albumin**

Albumin measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases
involving the liver and/or kidneys and are frequently used to assess
nutritional status because plasma levels of albumin are dependent on protein
intake.

**Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP)**

Alkaline phosphatase measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
liver, bone, and parathyroid disease.

**Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)**

AST measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of certain types of
liver and heart disease. Elevated levels of the transaminases can signal
myocardial infarction, hepatic disease, muscular dystrophy, or organ damage.

**Bicarbonate (HCO3)**

Together with pH determination, bicarbonate measurements are used in the
diagnosis and treatment of numerous potentially serious disorders associated
with acid-base imbalance in the respiratory and metabolic systems.

**Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)**

BUN measurements are used in the diagnosis of certain renal and metabolic
diseases. The determination of serum urea nitrogen is the most widely used
test for the evaluation of kidney function. The test is frequently requested
in conjunction with the serum creatinine test for the differential diagnosis
of prerenal, renal, and post renal uremia. High BUN levels are associated with
impaired renal function, increased protein catabolism, nephritis, intestinal
obstruction, urinary obstruction, metallic poisoning, cardiac failure,
peritonitis, dehydration, malignancy, pneumonia, surgical shock, Addison's
disease, and uremia. Low BUN levels are associated with amyloidosis, acute
liver disease, pregnancy, and nephrosis. Normal variations are observed
according to a person's age and sex, the time of day, and their diet -
particularly in their protein intake.  

**Creatinine**

Creatinine measurements are useful in the diagnosis and treatment of renal
diseases.

**Creatine Phosphokinase (CPK)**

Measurements of creatine phosphokinase are used in the diagnosis and treatment
of myocardial infarction, skeletal muscle diseases, and diseases of the
central nervous system.

**Gamma-glutamyl Transaminase (GGT)**

GGT measurements are principally used to diagnose and monitor hepatobiliary
disease. It is currently the most sensitive enzymatic indicator of liver
disease, with normal values rarely found in the presence of hepatic disease.
It is also used as a sensitive screening test for occult alcoholism. Elevated
levels are found in patients who chronically take drugs, such as phenobarbital
and phenytoin.

**Globulin**

Globulins are a diverse group of proteins that transport various substances in
the blood. They are also involved in various defense mechanisms within the
body. Measurements of globulin are calculated **(Total protein - Albumin)**
and are used to determine the serum globulin concentration.

**Glucose**

Glucose measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of pancreatic
islet cell carcinoma and of carbohydrate metabolism disorders, including
diabetes mellitus, neonatal hypoglycemia, and idiopathic hypoglycemia.

**Iron**

Iron (non-heme) measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of
diseases, such as iron deficiency anemia, chronic renal disease, and
hemochromatosis (a disease associated with widespread deposit in the tissues
of two iron-containing pigments, hemosiderin and hemofuscin, and characterized
by pigmentation of the skin).

**Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)**

LDH measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of liver diseases,
such as acute viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, and metastatic carcinoma of the
liver; cardiac diseases, such as myocardial infarction; and tumors of the
lungs or kidneys.

**Osmolality**

Serum osmolality is a measure of the number of dissolved particles in a
solution and is used to evaluate hydration status and detect potential toxins
and foreign substances in the blood. (Osmolality is a calculated value on the
chemistry analyzer: [(1.86*Na) + (GLUC/18) + (BUN/2.8) + 9].

**Phosphorus**

There is a reciprocal relationship between serum calcium and inorganic
phosphorus. Any increase in the level of inorganic phosphorus causes a
decrease in the calcium level by a mechanism not clearly understood.
Hyperphosphatemia is associated with vitamin D hypervitaminosis,
hypoparathyroidism, and renal failure. Hypophosphatemia is associated with
rickets, hyperparathyroidism, and Fanconi syndrome.

Measurements of inorganic phosphorus are used in the diagnosis and treatment
of various disorders, including parathyroid gland, kidney diseases, and
vitamin D imbalance.

**Potassium, Chloride, and Sodium**

Hypokalemia (low serum potassium level) is associated with body potassium
deficiency, excessive potassium loss caused by prolonged diarrhea or prolonged
periods of vomiting and increased secretion of mineralocorticosteroids.
Hyperkalemia (increased serum potassium level) is associated with oliguria,
anuria, and urinary obstruction.  
              
Low serum chloride values are associated with salt-losing nephritis;
Addisonian crisis, prolonged vomiting, and metabolic acidosis caused by
excessive production or diminished excretion of acids. High serum chloride
values are associated with dehydration and conditions causing decreased renal
blood flow, such as congestive heart failure.

Sodium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases
involving electrolyte imbalance.

**Total Bilirubin**

Elevated levels are associated with hemolytic jaundice, paroxysmal
hemoglobinuria, pernicious anemia, polycythemia, icterus neonatorum, internal
hemorrhage, acute hemolytic anemia, malaria, and septicemia.  

Low bilirubin levels are associated with aplastic anemia, and certain types of
secondary anemia resulting from toxic therapy for carcinoma and chronic
nephritis.

**Total Calcium**

Calcium measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of parathyroid
disease, bone diseases, chronic renal disease, and tetany. Urinary calcium
measurement is used in the differential diagnosis of hypercalciuria**.**

**Total Cholesterol**

An elevated cholesterol level is associated with diabetes, nephrosis,
hypothyroidism, biliary obstruction, and those rare cases of idiopathic
hypercholesterolemia and hyperlipidemia; low levels are associated with
hyperthyroidism, hepatitis, and sometimes severe anemia or infection.

**Total Protein**

Total protein measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of a
variety of diseases involving the liver, kidney, or bone marrow, as well as
other metabolic or nutritional disorders.

**Triglycerides**

Triglyceride measurements are used in the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus,
nephrosis, liver obstruction, and other diseases involving lipid metabolism
and various endocrine disorders and in the treatment of patients with these
diseases.

**Uric Acid**

Uric acid measurements are used in the diagnosis and treatment of numerous
renal and metabolic disorders, including renal failure, gout, leukemia,
psoriasis, starvation, or other wasting conditions and in the treatment of
patients receiving cytotoxic drugs.

## Eligible Sample

All examined participants aged 12 years and older, in the NHANES 2017-March
2020 pre-pandemic sample, were eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**NOTE: Glucose, cholesterol, and triglyceride were analyzed 1) as part of the
biochemistry profile in this dataset; and 2) at other institutions, which are
considered the reference methods for these measures. The results in this
dataset do not replace the reference method data. See Analytical Notes section
below for more detailed information.**

All methods were measured on the Roche Cobas 6000 (c501 module) analyzer. See
Laboratory Method Files for more detailed information about analyte
methodologies, principles, and operating procedures.

**Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT)**

The method to measure alanine aminotransferase (ALT) catalyzes the reaction of
alpha-ketoglutarate with L-alanine to form L-glutamate and pyruvate. Under the
action of LDH, pyruvate converts to lactate, and NADH is converted to NAD. The
decrease in absorbance of NADH, measured at 340 nm (secondary wavelength is
700 nm), is directly proportional to the serum activity of ALT. It is a
kinetic rate reaction.

**Albumin**

The method to measure albumin concentration utilizes the dye bromcresol purple
(BCP). When the dye binds selectively with albumin in a pH range of 5.2-6.8, a
color change occurs that is measured at 600 nm.  The secondary wavelength is
700 nm. This is a 2-point, endpoint reaction that is specific for albumin.

**Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST)**

Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) activity is determined by a modification of
the method recommended by the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry
(IFCC). AST catalyzes the reaction of alpha-ketoglutarate with L-aspartate to
form L-glutamate and oxaloacetate. Under the action of malate dehydrogenase
(MDH), oxaloacetate converts to malate, and NADH is oxidized to NAD. The
decrease in absorbance of NADH, measured at 340 nm (secondary wavelength = 700
nm), is directly proportional to the serum activity of AST. It is a kinetic
rate reaction.

**Alkaline Phosphatase****(ALP)**

The method to measure alkaline phosphatase (ALP) utilizes a simple reaction
wherein ALP acts upon a substrate (p-nitrophenol phosphate, or PNPP) in the
presence of magnesium and zinc activators to form a colored product
(p-nitrophenol) whose appearance is measured at 450 nm. The rate of
p-nitrophenol formation is directly related to the amount of alkaline
phosphatase in the specimen.

**Bicarbonate (HCO 3)**

The method to measure bicarbonate (HCO3) utilizes an enzyme-based reaction.
Phosphoenolpyruvate (PEP) is added to the specimen containing bicarbonate.
Under the action of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxylase (PEPC) the PEP accepts the
bicarbonate and is converted to oxaloacetate.  Then under the action of malate
dehydrogenase, and in the presence of an NADH analog, the oxaloacetate is
converted to malate, with the NADH analog converting to an NAD analog. The
rate of disappearance of NADH analog is measured at 415 nm, and it is directly
proportional to the amount of bicarbonate in the specimen.

**Blood Urea Nitrogen (BUN)**

The method to measure blood urea nitrogen utilizes a coupled enzyme reaction
(urease, followed by glutamate dehydrogenase), with measurement of NADH
(converting to NAD+) occurring at 340 nm.

**Creatine Phosphokinase (CPK)**

The method to measure creatine phosphokinase (CPK) or creatine kinase (CK)
utilizes a coupled enzyme reaction. Creatine phosphate and adenosine
diphosphate (ADP) are acted upon by CK in the serum specimen. Creatine and ATP
are produced from this reaction, and ATP reacts with glucose under the action
of hexokinase to produce glucose-6-phosphate and ADP. The glucose-6-phosphate
reacts with NADP under the action of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase to
produce NADPH and a by-product. The photometrically (340 nm) measured rate of
NADPH formation is directly proportional to the CK activity in the specimen.

**Creatinine**

Creatinine is measured using an enzymatic method in which creatinine is
converted to creatine under the activity of creatininase. Creatine is then
acted upon by creatinase to form sarcosine and urea. Sarcosine oxidase
converts sarcosine to glycine and hydrogen peroxide, and the hydrogen peroxide
reacts with a chromophore in the presence of peroxidase to produce a colored
product that is measured at 546 nm (secondary wavelength = 700 nm). This is an
endpoint reaction that agrees well with recognized HPLC methods, and it has
the advantage over Jaffe picric acid-based methods that are susceptible to
interferences from non-creatinine chromogens.

**Gamma-glutamyl Transaminase (GGT)**

The method to measure gamma-glutamyl transaminase (GGT) is a slight
modification (slightly different substrate) of the method introduced by Szasz
in 1969 (Whitfield JB, et. al., 1972) In the presence of glycylglycine,
L-gamma-glutamyl-3-carboxy-4-nitroanilide is converted by GGT to
5-amino-2-nitrobenzoate and L-gamma-glutamyl-glycylglycine. The rate of
colored product formation is directly related to the amount of GGT in the
specimen, and the rate of its appearance is measured at 415 nm (secondary
wavelength 700 nm). This is a kinetic (Rate-A) reaction.

**Glucose**

The method to measure glucose utilizes an enzymatic method that converts
glucose to glucose-6-phosphate (G-6-P) by hexokinase in the presence of ATP, a
phosphate donor. Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase then converts the G-6-P to
gluconate-6-P in the presence of NADP+. As the NADP+ is reduced to NADPH
during this reaction, the resulting increase in absorbance at 340 nm
(secondary wavelength = 700 nm) is measured. This is an endpoint reaction that
is specific for glucose.

**Iron**

The Roche method of iron measurement is a three-step process using the
FerroZine reagent: Fe3+ is liberated from transferrin by acid/detergent, Fe3+
is reduced to Fe2+ by ascorbate, and the reduced iron then reacts with the
FerroZine reagent to form a colored complex. The intensity of this final
product is directly proportional to the iron concentration in the specimen.

**Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH)**

The Roche method of LDH measurement is derived from the formulation
recommended by the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry (IFCC) and
is optimized for performance and stability. In the presence of cofactor NAD+,
LDH converts L-lactate to pyruvate. NAD+ is reduced to NADH during this
reaction. The initial rate of NADH formation is directly proportional to the
catalytic LDH activity and is determined by measuring the increase in
absorbance at 340 nm. This is a kinetic (Rate-A) reaction.

**Phosphorus**

The method used to measure phosphorus utilizes ammonium molybdate as the
color-forming reagent. Measurement of the final product occurs at 340 nm
(secondary wavelength 700 nm). Inorganic phosphate forms an ammonium
phosphomolybdate complex having the formula (NH4)3[PO4(MoO3)12] with ammonium
molybdate in the presence of sulfuric acid. The concentration of
phosphomolybdate formed is directly proportional to the inorganic phosphate
concentration.

**Potassium, Chloride, & Sodium**

An Ion-Selective Electrode (ISE) makes use of the unique properties of certain
membrane materials to develop an electrical potential (electromotive force,
EMF) for the measurements of ions in solution. The electrode has a selective
membrane in contact with both the test solution and an internal filling
solution. The internal filling solution contains the test ion at a fixed
concentration. Because of the particular nature of the membrane, the test ions
will closely associate with the membrane on each side. The membrane EMF is
determined by the difference in concentration of the test ion in the test
solution and the internal filling solution. The complete measurement system
for a particular ion includes the ISE, a reference electrode, and electronic
circuits to measure and process the EMF to give the test ion concentration.
The sodium and potassium electrodes are based on neutral carriers and the
chloride electrode is based on an ion exchanger.

**Chloride** is measured using an indirect (specimen is diluted (1:31) by the
instrument prior to analysis) ion-selective electrode (ISE) method for
determination of the serum electrolyte concentrations.

**Potassium** ion concentration is measured by electrolyte activity in
solution. This method utilizes an indirect (specimen is diluted by the
instrument prior to analysis) ion-selective electrode (ISE) method for
determination of the serum electrolyte concentrations.

**Sodium****** is measured by the Roche Cobas 6000 (c501 module) system by
utilizing indirect (or diluted) I.S.E. (ion selective electrode) methodology.
This method utilizes an indirect (specimen is diluted by the instrument prior
to analysis) ion-selective electrode (ISE) method for determination of the
serum electrolyte concentrations.

**Total Bilirubin**

The method to measure total bilirubin is coupled with 3,5-dichlorophenyl
diazonium in the presence of a solubilizing agent in a strongly acidic medium.
The intensity of the red azo dye formed is directly proportional to the total
bilirubin and can be determined photometrically (546 nm).

**Total Calcium**

The method used to measure total calcium reacts with 5-nitro-5'methyl-BAPTA
(NM-BAPTA) under alkaline conditions to form a complex. This complex then
reacts with EDTA to form a colored product whose intensity is directly
proportional to the concentration of calcium in the specimen. It is measured
photometrically at 340 nm.

**Total Cholesterol**

The method used to measure cholesterol is an enzymatic method where esterified
cholesterol is converted to cholesterol by cholesterol esterase. The resulting
cholesterol is then acted upon by cholesterol oxidase to produce
cholest-4-en-3-one and hydrogen peroxide. The hydrogen peroxide then reacts
with 4-aminophenazone in the presence of peroxidase to produce a colored
product that is measured at 505 nm (secondary wavelength = 700 nm). The final
step is known as the Trinder reaction. This method is a single reagent,
endpoint reaction that is specific for cholesterol.

**Total Protein**

The total protein method utilizes the biuret reaction with measurement of the
final product at 546 nm. Divalent copper reacts in alkaline solution with
protein peptide bonds to form the characteristic purple-colored biuret
complex. Sodium potassium tartrate prevents the precipitation of copper
hydroxide and potassium iodide prevents auto-reduction of copper. The color
intensity is directly proportional to the protein concentration.

**Triglycerides**

The method used to measure triglyceride is based on the work by Wahlefeld
using a lipoprotein lipase from microorganisms for the rapid and complete
hydrolysis of triglycerides to glycerol followed by oxidation to
dihydroxyacetone phosphate and hydrogen peroxide. The hydrogen peroxide
produced then reacts with 4-aminophenazone and 4-chlorophenol under the
catalytic action of peroxidase to form a red dyestuff (Trinder endpoint
reaction). The color intensity of the red dyestuff formed is directly
proportional to the triglyceride concentration and can be measured
photometrically.

**Uric Acid**

In this method uric acid is oxidized by uricase. Then the peroxide produced
from this reaction is acted upon by peroxidase in the presence of 4
aminophenazone to produce a measurable colored product. It is a two-point,
endpoint reaction, with measurement occurring at 546 nm (secondary wavelength
700 nm).

Refer to the Laboratory Method Files section for a detailed description of the
laboratory methods used.

## Laboratory Method Files

[BIOPRO - Alanine Amino Transferase
(ALT)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-ALT-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO -
Albumin](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-Albumin-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Alkaline Phosphatase
(ALP)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-ALP-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Aspartate Aminotransferase
(AST)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-AST-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Bicarbonate
(HCO3)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-Bicarbonate-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Blood Urea Nitrogen
(BUN)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-BUN-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO -
Chloride](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-Chloride-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Creatine Phosphokinase
(CPK)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-CPK-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO -
Creatinine](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-
J-MET-Creatinine-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Glucose - Serum -
Refrigerated](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-
J-MET-Glucose-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Gamma-Glutamyl Transferase
(GGT)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-GGT-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Iron -
Refrigerated](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-
J-MET-Iron-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Lactate Dehydrogenase
(LDH)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-LDH-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO -
Phosphorus](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-
J-MET-Phosphorus-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO -
Potassium](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-
J-MET-Potassium-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO -
Sodium](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-Sodium-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Total
Bilirubin](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-
J-MET-Total-Bilirubin-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Total
Calcium](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-Total-Calcium-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Total Cholesterol -
Refrigerated](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-
J-MET-Total-Cholesterol-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Total
Protein](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-
MET-Total-Protein-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Triglycerides -
Refrigerated](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-
J-MET-Triglycerides-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Uric
Acid](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/BIOPRO-J-MET-
Uric-acid-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[BIOPRO - Alanine Amino Transferase
(ALT)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-ALT-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO -
Albumin](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-Albumin-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Alkaline Phosphatase
(ALP)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-ALP-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Aspartate Aminotransferase
(AST)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-AST-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Bicarbonate
(HCO3)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-Bicarbonate-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Blood Urea Nitrogen
(BUN)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-BUN-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO -
Chloride](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-Chloride-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Creatine Phosphokinase
(CPK)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-CPK-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO -
Creatinine](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-
K-MET-Creatinine-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Glucose - Serum -
Refrigerated](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-
K-MET-Glucose-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Gamma-Glutamyl Transferase
(GGT)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-GGT-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Iron -
Refrigerated](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-
K-MET-Iron-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Lactate Dehydrogenase
(LDH)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-LDH-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO -
Phosphorus](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-
K-MET-Phosphorus-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO -
Potassium](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-
K-MET-Potassium-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO -
Sodium](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-Sodium-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Total
Bilirubin](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-
K-MET-Total Bilirubin-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Total
Calcium](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-Total Calcium-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Total Cholesterol -
Refrigerated](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-
K-MET-Total Cholesterol-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Total
Protein](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-
MET-Total Protein-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Triglycerides -
Refrigerated](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-
K-MET-Triglycerides-508.pdf) (August 2021)

[BIOPRO - Uric
Acid](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/BIOPRO-K-MET-
Uric acid-508.pdf) (August 2021)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Serum specimens are processed, stored, and shipped to the University of
Minnesota - Advanced Research Diagnostics Laboratory (ARDL), Minneapolis, MN
for analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the NHANES
[2017-2018](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/manuals/2017_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf)
and [2019-2020 Laboratory Procedures Manuals
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/manuals/2020-MEC-Laboratory-
Procedures-Manual-508.pdf)(LPMs). Vials are stored under appropriate
refrigerated (2-8°C) conditions until they are shipped to Collaborative
Laboratory Services for testing.

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the NHANES LPMs.

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured competency assessment evaluation during
visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the QC
procedures. Each laboratory staff member is observed for equipment operation,
specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures and constructive
feedback are given to each staff member. Formal retraining sessions are
conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were maintained.

**Analytical Laboratories**

NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split specimens collected during "dry run" sessions. In addition,
contract laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2% of all specimens.

NCHS developed and distributed a quality control protocol for all CDC and
contract laboratories, which outlined the use of Westgard rules (Westgard, et
al. 1981) when testing NHANES specimens. Progress reports containing any
problems encountered during shipping or receipt of specimens, summary
statistics for each control pool, QC graphs, instrument calibration, reagents,
and any special considerations are submitted to NCHS quarterly. The reports
are reviewed for trends or shifts in the data. The laboratories are required
to explain any identified areas of concern.

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

There were 13 additional variables created in this data file to convert the
analyzed values into International System of Units (SI). These variables were
created using the following formulas:

**LBXSAL conversion to LBDSALSI**

Albumin in g/dL (LBXSAL) was converted to g/L (LBDSALSI) by multiplying by
**10**

**LBXSBU conversion to LBDSBUSI**

Blood urea nitrogen (BUN) in mg/dL (LBXSBU) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSBUSI)
by multiplying by **0.357**

**LBXSCA conversion to LBDSCASI**

Calcium in mg/dL (LBXSCA) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSCASI) by multiplying by
**0.250**

**LBXSCH conversion to LBDSCHSI**

Cholesterol in mg/dL (LBXSCH) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSCHSI) by
multiplying by **0.0259**

**LBXSCR conversion to LBDSCRSI**

Creatinine in mg/dL (LBXSCR) was converted to µmol/L (LBDSCRSI) by multiplying
by **88.4**

**LBXSGL conversion to LBDSGLSI**

Glucose in mg/dL (LBXSGL) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSGLSI) by multiplying by
**0.0555**

**LBXSIR conversion to LBDSIRSI**

Iron in µg/dL (LBXSIR) was converted to µmol/L (LBDSIRSI) by multiplying by
**0.1791**

**LBXSPH conversion to LBDSPHSI**

Phosphorus in mg/dL (LBXSPH) was converted to mmol/L (LBDSPHSI) by multiplying
by **0.323**

**LBXSTB conversion to LBDSTBSI**

Total bilirubin in mg/dL (LBXSTB) was converted to µmol/L (LBDSTBSI) by
multiplying by **17.1**

**LBXSTP conversion to LBDSTPSI**

Total protein in g/dL (LBXSTP) was converted to g/L (LBDSTPSI) by multiplying
by **10**

**LBXSTR conversion to LBDSTRSI**

Triglycerides in mg/dL (LBXSTR) were converted to mmol/L (LBDSTRSI) by
multiplying by **0.0113**

**LBXSTR conversion to LBDSTRSI**

Uric acid in mg/dL (LBXSUA) was converted to µmol/L (LBDSUASI) by multiplying
by **59.48**

**LBXSGB conversion to LBDSGBSI**

Globulin in g/dL (LBXSGB) was converted to g/L (LBDSGBSI) by multiplying by
**10**

## Analytic Notes

The COVID-19 pandemic required suspension of NHANES 2019-2020 field operations
in March 2020 after data were collected in 18 of the 30 survey locations in
the 2019-2020 sample. Data collection was cancelled for the remaining 12
locations. Because the collected data from 18 locations were not nationally
representative, these data were combined with data from the previous cycle
(2017-2018) to create a 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file. A special
weighting process was applied to the 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file.
The resulting sample weights in the present file should be used to calculate
estimates from the combined cycles. These sample weights are not appropriate
for independent analyses of the 2019-2020 data and will not yield nationally
representative results for either the 2017-2018 data alone or the 2019-March
2020 data alone. Please refer to the NHANES website for additional information
for the NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data, and for the previous
2017-2018 public use data file with specific weights for that 2-year cycle.

Refer to the [2017-2018
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2017)and
[2019-2020 Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2019)
documents for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

There are over 800 laboratory tests performed on NHANES participants. However,
not all participants provided biospecimens or enough volume for all the tests
to be performed. The specimen availability can also vary by age or other
population characteristics. For example, in 2017-March 2020, approximately 76%
of children aged 1-17 years who were examined in the MEC provided a blood
specimen through phlebotomy, while 95% of examined adults age 18 and older
provided a blood specimen. Analysts should evaluate the extent of missing data
in the dataset related to the outcome of interest as well as any predictor
variables used in the analyses to determine whether additional re-weighting
for item non-response is necessary.

Please refer to the [NHANES Analytic Guidelines
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx)and the on-line
NHANES [Tutorial](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/tutorials/default.aspx) for
further details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The [NHANES 2017-March 2020 Pre-
pandemic Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&Cycle=2017-2020)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample design variables.
The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and
PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data
file.

The [2017-March 2020 Pre-pandemic Fasting Questionnaire File
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/2017-2018/P_FASTQX.htm)includes auxiliary
information, such as fasting status, length of fast and the time of
venipuncture.

This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

**Glucose (LBXSGL)**

This glucose value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical
assessments. Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method
(LBXGLU), rather than the standard battery of biochemical assessments value
(LBXSGL), is generally recommended. These serum glucose values (LBXSGL)
reported in this data file should not be used to determine undiagnosed
diabetes or prediabetes. Instead, plasma glucose values (LBXGLU) should be
used, which are based on the reference analytic method in the **GLU_K** data
file. Special weights included in the **GLU_K** data file should be used when
analyzing these data.

**Total Cholesterol (LBXSCH)**

This total cholesterol value was obtained from the standard battery of
biochemical assessments. Use of the laboratory test result from the reference
method (LBXTC), rather than the standard battery of biochemical assessments
value (LBXSCH), is generally recommended. For most serum cholesterol analyses,
the appropriate variable to use will be (LBXTC) in the **TCHOL_K** data file.
The (LBXSCH) value from the standard biochemistry profile should not be used
routinely.

**Triglycerides (LBXSTR)**

This triglyceride value was obtained from the standard battery of biochemical
assessments. Use of the laboratory test result from the reference method
(LBXTR), rather than the standard battery of biochemical assessments value
(LBXSTR), is generally recommended. For most triglyceride analyses, the
appropriate variable to use is (LBXTR) in the **TRIGLY_K** data file. The
value from the standard biochemistry profile (LBXSTR) should not be used
routinely.

**Detection Limits**

The detection limits were constant for all of the analytes in the data set.

The lower limit of detection (LLOD) for the Standard Biochemistry Profile:

**Variable Name** |  **ANALYTE DESCRIPTION** |  **LLOD**  
---|---|---  
LBXSATSI |  Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT) (U/L) |  3  
LBXSAL |  Albumin, refrigerated serum (g/dL) |  0.3  
LBXSAPSI |  Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP) (U/L) |  2  
LBXSASSI |  Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST) (U/L) |  3  
LBXSC3SI |  Bicarbonate (mmol/L) |  2  
LBXSBU |  Blood Urea Nitrogen (g/dL) |  2  
LBXSCLSI |  Chloride (mmol/L) |  65  
LBXSCK |  Creatine Phosphokinase (CPK) (IU/L) |  3  
LBXSCR |  Creatinine, refrigerated serum (mg/dL) |  0.10  
LBXSGTSI |  Gamma-Glutamyl Transferase (GGT) (U/L) |  3  
LBXSGL |  Glucose, refrigerated serum (mg/dL) |  2  
LBXSIR |  Iron, refrigerated serum (ug/dL) |  5  
LBXSLDSI |  Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH) (U/L) |  8  
LBXSPH |  Phosphorus (mg/dL) |  0.3  
LBXSKSI |  Potassium (mmol/L) |  1.5  
LBXSNASI |  Sodium (mmol/L) |  100  
LBXSTB |  Total Bilirubin (mg/dL) |  0.1  
LBXSCA |  Total Calcium (mg/dL) |  0.8  
LBXSCH |  Total Cholesterol, refrigerated serum (mg/dL) |  5  
LBXSTP |  Total Protein (g/dL) |  0.3  
LBXSTR |  Triglycerides, refrigerated serum (mg/dL) |  9  
LBXSUA |  Uric Acid (mg/dL) |  0.2  
  
**Standard Biochemistry Profile regression equations to compare 2017-March
2020 and 2015-2016 data:**

Method validation (bridging) studies were performed to compare results from a
laboratory, instrument, and method change between the 2015-2016 and 2017-2018
survey cycles using NHANES samples from late 2016. During the 2015-2016 cycle
the Beckman Coulter UniCel DxC 800 Synchron was upgraded to the Beckman
Coulter UniCel DxC 660i Synchron Access chemistry analyzer (DxC 660i).
Previous analyses indicated that no statistical adjustment is needed for
results obtained between the two Beckman UniCel® analyzers (i.e., DxC 800 and
DxC 660i). During the 2017-2018 cycle the Roche Cobas 6000 chemistry analyzer
(Cobas 6000) was used for the entire 2017-2018 cycle. Analyses comparing
results obtained from the Cobas 6000 to those obtained from the DxC 660i using
selected serum samples (n=248) from NHANES participants in 2016 indicate that
adjustments are needed for some analytes as described below.

The table below provides a list of the standard biochemistry profile analytes
and results from the bridging study for each analyte. It includes mean
differences (% Diff), correlation coefficients (r), and when recommended the
regression model used for the adjustment as well as the forward and backward
adjustment equations. When differences between the two measurements were
proportional to concentration, Weighted Deming regressions were chosen to
adjust the results. When differences were constant across the interval of
concentration, a non-weighted Deming regression was chosen. A Log Deming
regression was used to adjust an analyte whose measurements were heavily
skewed to the right. All analyses were performed using Analyse-it, v4.30.4.

It is recommended that these equations be used when examining trends among
standard biochemistry profile data across 1999-2016 and 2017-2018 cycles, or
when combining 2017-2018 data with previous cycles. For more detailed
information on the standard biochemistry profile data files in the previous
cycles, please refer to the documentations accompanying these datasets.

**VARIABLE NAME** (unit) |  **STATISTICAL ADJUSTMENT METHOD** |  **FORWARD EQUATIONS [CI]** |  **BACKWARD EQUATIONS [CI]** |  **% DIFF** |  **r**  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
**LBXSAL** (g/dL) |  Non-weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **=**  **0.9581**  [95%CI: 0.9282 to 0.9881] *****  **Y  **(DxC 660i) **-**  **0.0108**  [95%CI: -0.1413 to 0.1197] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **=**   **1.044**  [95%CI: 1.011 to 1.076] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000)**  \+ 0.01128** [95%CI: -0.1247 to 0.1473] |  -4.42 |  0.968  
**LBXSAPSI** (U/L) |  Log Deming Regression |  **Log 10 X** (Cobas 6000) = **0.9986**  [95%CI: 0.9915 to 1.006] ***** **Log 10 Y** (DxC 660i) **\+ 0.04288**  [95% CI: 0.02936 to 0.05640] |  **Log 10 X** (DxC 660i)**  =** **1.001**  [95%CI: 0.9943 to 1.009] *** Log 10 Y** (Cobas 6000) **\- 0.04294**  [95%CI: -0.05678 to -0.02911] |  9.74 |  1.000  
**LBXSASSI** (U/L) |  Non-weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **= 0.9822**  [95% CI: 0.9673 to 0.9970] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\- 3.695**  [95% CI: -4.093 to -3.298] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **= 1.018**  [95%CI: 1.003 to 1.034] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000) **\+ 3.762**  [95%CI: 3.409 to 4.115] |  -18.03 |  0.990  
**LBXSATSI** (U/L) |  Non-weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **= 0.9869**  [95% CI: 0.9762 to 0.9976] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\- 2.653**  [95% CI: -2.919 to -2.387] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **= 1.013**  [95%CI: 1.002 to 1.024] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000) **\+ 2.688**  [95%CI: 2.443 to 2.934] |  -15.46 |  0.997  
**LBXSBU** (g/dL) |  Non-weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **= 0.9992**  [95% CI: 0.9827 to 1.016] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\- 0.4484**  [95% CI: -0.6835 to -0.2134] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **= 1.001**  [95%CI: 0.9843 to 1.017]**  * Y** (Cobas 6000) **\+ 0.4488**  [95%CI: 0.2207 to 0.6768] |  -3.36 |  0.992  
**LBXSC3SI** (mmol/L) |  Adjustment Not Recommended |   N/A |   N/A |  1.74  |  0.749  
**LBXSCA** (mg/dL) |  Adjustment Not Recommended |   N/A |   N/A |  -2.12  |  0.892   
**LBXSCH** (mg/dL) |  Weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **=   0.9556** [95% CI: 0.9419 to 0.9693] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\+ 2.105**  [95% CI: -0.1178 to 4.328] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **= 1.046**  [95%CI: 1.031 to 1.062] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000) **\- 2.203**  [95%CI: -4.560 to 0.1550] |  -3.21 |  0.990  
**LBXSCK 1** (IU/L) |  Weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **= 1.068**  [95% CI: 1.062 to 1.075] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\- 1.131**  [95% CI: -1.906 to -0.3569] |  **X**  (DxC 660i)**  = 0.9360** [95%CI: 0.9303 to 0.9416] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000) **\+ 1.059**  [95%CI: 0.3399 to 1.778] |  5.91 |  1.000  
**LBXSCLSI** (IU/L) |  Adjustment Not Recommended |   N/A |   N/A |   -1.44 |  0.756  
**LBXSCR** (mg/dL) |  Non-weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **= 0.9515**  [95% CI: 0.9365 to 0.9665] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\+ 0.06608**  [95% CI: 0.05252 to 0.07963] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **= 1.051**  [95%CI: 1.034 to 1.068] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000) **\- 0.06945**  [95%CI: -0.08474 to -0.05415] |  3.354 |  0.993  
**LBXSGB** (g/dL) |  CALCULATED |   N/A |   N/A |   N/A |   N/A  
**LBXSGL** (mg/dL) |  Adjustment Not Recommended |   N/A |   N/A |   2.41 |   0.999  
**LBXSGTSI** (U/L) |  Weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **= 1.243**  [95% CI: 1.223 to 1.263] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\- 2.938**  [95% CI: -3.352 to -2.524] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **= 0.8042**  [95%CI: 0.7913 to 0.8172] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000) **\+ 2.363**  [95%CI: 2.066 to 2.660] |  7.7 |  0.999  
**LBXSIR** (ug/dL) |  Non-weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **= 1.023**  [95% CI: 1.013 to 1.033] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\+ 4.597**  [95% CI: 3.839 to 5.354] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **= 0.9776**  [95%CI: 0.9678 to 0.9873] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000) **\- 4.494**  [95%CI: -5.275 to -3.712] |  10.01 |  0.998  
**LBXSKSI** (mmol/L) |  Adjustment Not Recommended |   N/A |   N/A |   -1.398 |   0.970  
**LBXSLDSI** (U/L) |  Weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **= 1.167**  [95% CI: 1.141 to 1.194] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\- 2.407**  [95% CI: -5.758 to 0.9439] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **= 0.8568**  [95%CI: 0.8373 to 0.8762] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000) **\+ 2.062**  [95%CI: -0.7646 to 4.890] |  14.86 |  0.987  
**LBXSNASI** (mmol/L) |  Adjustment Not Recommended |   N/A |   N/A |   0.80 |  0.605  
**LBXSOSSI** (mmol/Kg) |  CALCULATED |   N/A |   N/A |  N/A |   N/A  
**LBXSPH** (mg/dL) |  Adjustment Not Recommended |   N/A |   N/A |   -1.80 |  0.992  
**LBXSTB** (mg/dL) |  Adjustment Not Recommended |   N/A |   N/A |  -3.19  |  0.938  
**LBXSTP** (g/dL) |  Adjustment Not Recommended |   N/A |   N/A |   0.36 |  0.932  
**LBXSTR** (mg/dL) |  Non-weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **= 1.036**  [95% CI: 0.9973 to 1.074] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\+ 7.271**  [95% CI: 3.361 to 11.18] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **= 0.9655**  [95%CI: 0.9293 to 1.002] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000) **\- 7.020**  [95%CI: -11.09 to -2.945] |  13.44 |  0.997  
**LBXSUA** (mg/dL) |  Non-weighted Deming |  **X**  (Cobas 6000) **= 1.073**  [95% CI: 1.060 to 1.085] *** Y**  (DxC 660i) **\- 0.2495**  [95% CI: -0.3167 to -0.1823] |  **X**  (DxC 660i) **= 0.9323**  [95%CI: 0.9212 to 0.9435] *** Y**  (Cobas 6000) **\+ 0.2326**  [95%CI: 0.1727 to 0.2925] |  2.37 |  0.996  
  
1\. One of the data points was deemed an extreme outlier, therefore only data
from 247 serum samples were used in the analysis for creatinine phosphokinase
(LBXSCK).  

## References

  * Wahlefeld, August W. Triglycerides Determination after Enzymatic Hydrolysis. Methods of Enzymatic Analysis (2nd English Edition). 1974. 4:1831-1835.
  * Westgard J.O., Barry P.L., Hunt M.R., Groth T. A multi-rule Shewhart chart for quality control in clinical chemistry. Clin Chem (1981) 27:493-501.
  * Whitfield JB, Pounder RE, Neale G, et al. Serum γ-glutamyl transpeptidase activity in liver disease. Gut 1972;13:702-708.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent Sequence Number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent Sequence Number
English Text:

    Respondent Sequence Number
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXSATSI - Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT) (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSATSI
SAS Label:

    Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT) (U/L)
English Text:

    Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT) (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 to 682 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSATLC - ALT Comment Code

Variable Name:

    LBDSATLC
SAS Label:

    ALT Comment Code
English Text:

    Alanine Aminotransferase (ALT) Comment Code
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 | At or above detection limit | 9471 | 9471 |   
1 | Below lower detection limit | 2 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSAL - Albumin, refrigerated serum (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSAL
SAS Label:

    Albumin, refrigerated serum (g/dL)
English Text:

    Albumin, refrigerated serum (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.1 to 5.4 | Range of Values | 9477 | 9477 |   
. | Missing | 932 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSALSI - Albumin, refrigerated serum (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSALSI
SAS Label:

    Albumin, refrigerated serum (g/L)
English Text:

    Albumin, refrigerated serum(g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
21 to 54 | Range of Values | 9477 | 9477 |   
. | Missing | 932 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSAPSI - Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP) (IU/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSAPSI
SAS Label:

    Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP) (IU/L)
English Text:

    Alkaline Phosphatase (ALP) (IU/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
16 to 638 | Range of Values | 9474 | 9474 |   
. | Missing | 935 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSASSI - Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST) (U/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSASSI
SAS Label:

    Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST) (U/L)
English Text:

    Aspartate Aminotransferase (AST) (U/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6 to 489 | Range of Values | 9435 | 9435 |   
. | Missing | 974 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSC3SI - Bicarbonate (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSC3SI
SAS Label:

    Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Bicarbonate (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
14 to 38 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSBU - Blood Urea Nitrogen (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSBU
SAS Label:

    Blood Urea Nitrogen (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Blood Urea Nitrogen (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 to 79 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSBUSI - Blood Urea Nitrogen (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSBUSI
SAS Label:

    Blood Urea Nitrogen (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Blood Urea Nitrogen (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.71 to 28.2 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSCLSI - Chloride (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCLSI
SAS Label:

    Chloride (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Chloride (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
84 to 117 | Range of Values | 9476 | 9476 |   
. | Missing | 933 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSCK - Creatine Phosphokinase (CPK) (IU/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCK
SAS Label:

    Creatine Phosphokinase (CPK) (IU/L)
English Text:

    Creatine Phosphokinase (CPK) (IU/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
11 to 16959 | Range of Values | 9469 | 9469 |   
. | Missing | 940 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSCR - Creatinine, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCR
SAS Label:

    Creatinine, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Creatinine, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.25 to 14.97 | Range of Values | 9475 | 9475 |   
. | Missing | 934 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSCRSI - Creatinine, refrigerated serum (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCRSI
SAS Label:

    Creatinine, refrigerated serum (umol/L)
English Text:

    Creatinine, refrigerated serum (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
22.1 to 1323.35 | Range of Values | 9475 | 9475 |   
. | Missing | 934 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSGB - Globulin (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGB
SAS Label:

    Globulin (g/dL)
English Text:

    Globulin (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.3 to 6 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSGBSI - Globulin (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSGBSI
SAS Label:

    Globulin (g/L)
English Text:

    Globulin (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
13 to 60 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSGL - Glucose, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGL
SAS Label:

    Glucose, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Glucose, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
39 to 626 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSGLSI - Glucose, refrigerated serum (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSGLSI
SAS Label:

    Glucose, refrigerated serum (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Glucose, refrigerated serum (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.16 to 34.75 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSGTSI - Gamma Glutamyl Transferase (GGT) (IU/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSGTSI
SAS Label:

    Gamma Glutamyl Transferase (GGT) (IU/L)
English Text:

    Gamma Glutamyl Transferase (GGT) (IU/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2 to 2394 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSGTLC - GGT Comment Code

Variable Name:

    LBDSGTLC
SAS Label:

    GGT Comment Code
English Text:

    Gamma Glutamyl Transferase (GGT) Comment Code
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 | At or above detection limit | 9472 | 9472 |   
1 | Below lower detection limit | 1 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSIR - Iron, refrigerated serum (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSIR
SAS Label:

    Iron, refrigerated serum (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Iron, refrigerated serum (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
8 to 476 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSIRSI - Iron, refrigerated serum (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSIRSI
SAS Label:

    Iron, refrigerated serum (umol/L)
English Text:

    Iron, refrigerated serum (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.4 to 85.3 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSLDSI - Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH) (IU/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSLDSI
SAS Label:

    Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH) (IU/L)
English Text:

    Lactate Dehydrogenase (LDH) (IU/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
49 to 779 | Range of Values | 9263 | 9263 |   
. | Missing | 1146 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSOSSI - Osmolality (mmol/Kg)

Variable Name:

    LBXSOSSI
SAS Label:

    Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
English Text:

    Osmolality (mmol/Kg)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
246 to 314 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSPH - Phosphorus (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSPH
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.6 to 9.6 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSPHSI - Phosphorus (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSPHSI
SAS Label:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Phosphorus (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.517 to 3.1 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSKSI - Potassium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSKSI
SAS Label:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Potassium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.6 to 7.1 | Range of Values | 9466 | 9466 |   
. | Missing | 943 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSNASI - Sodium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBXSNASI
SAS Label:

    Sodium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Sodium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
121 to 151 | Range of Values | 9476 | 9476 |   
. | Missing | 933 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSTB - Total Bilirubin (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTB
SAS Label:

    Total Bilirubin (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total Bilirubin (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.1 to 3.8 | Range of Values | 9475 | 9475 |   
. | Missing | 934 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSTBSI - Total Bilirubin (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTBSI
SAS Label:

    Total Bilirubin (umol/L)
English Text:

    Total Bilirubin (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.71 to 64.98 | Range of Values | 9474 | 9474 |   
. | Missing | 935 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSTBLC - Total Bilirubin Comment Code

Variable Name:

    LBDSTBLC
SAS Label:

    Total Bilirubin Comment Code
English Text:

    Total Bilirubin Comment Code
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0 | At or above detection limit | 9474 | 9474 |   
1 | Below lower detection limit | 1 | 9475 |   
. | Missing | 934 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSCA - Total Calcium (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCA
SAS Label:

    Total Calcium (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total Calcium (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
6.4 to 12.3 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSCASI - Total Calcium (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCASI
SAS Label:

    Total Calcium (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Total Calcium (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.6 to 3.075 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSCH - Cholesterol, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSCH
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total Cholesterol, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
72 to 438 | Range of Values | 9475 | 9475 |   
. | Missing | 934 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSCHSI - Cholesterol, refrigerated serum (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSCHSI
SAS Label:

    Cholesterol, refrigerated serum (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Total Cholesterol, refrigerated serum (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.862 to 11.327 | Range of Values | 9475 | 9475 |   
. | Missing | 934 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSTP - Total Protein (g/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTP
SAS Label:

    Total Protein (g/dL)
English Text:

    Total Protein (g/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
4.4 to 10 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSTPSI - Total Protein (g/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTPSI
SAS Label:

    Total Protein (g/L)
English Text:

    Total Protein (g/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
44 to 100 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSTR - Triglycerides, refrig serum (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSTR
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides, refrig serum (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Triglycerides, refrigerated serum (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
25 to 2923 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSTRSI - Triglycerides, refrig serum (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSTRSI
SAS Label:

    Triglycerides, refrig serum (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Triglycerides, refrigerated serum (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.282 to 33.001 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBXSUA - Uric acid (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXSUA
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Uric acid (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.8 to 15.1 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 |   
  
### LBDSUASI - Uric acid (umol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDSUASI
SAS Label:

    Uric acid (umol/L)
English Text:

    Uric acid (umol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
47.6 to 898.1 | Range of Values | 9473 | 9473 |   
. | Missing | 936 | 10409 | 

