ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * [Component Description](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#Component_Description)
  * [Eligible Sample](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#Eligible_Sample)
  * [Description of Laboratory Methodology](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#Description_of_Laboratory_Methodology)
  * [Laboratory Method Files](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#Laboratory_Method_Files)
  * [Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#Laboratory_Quality_Assurance_and_Monitoring)
  * [Data Processing and Editing](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#Data_Processing_and_Editing)
  * [Analytic Notes](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#Analytic_Notes)
  * [References](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#References)
  * [Codebook](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#Codebook)
    * [SEQN \- Respondent sequence number](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#SEQN)
    * [LBXFER \- Ferritin (ng/mL)](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#LBXFER)
    * [LBDFERSI \- Ferritin (ug/L)](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7618&Dataset=P_FERTIN#LBDFERSI)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2017-March 2020 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Ferritin (P_FERTIN)

####  Data File: P_FERTIN.xpt

##### First Published: July 2021

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

The NHANES program suspended field operations in March 2020 due to the
coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. As a result, data collection for
the NHANES 2019-2020 cycle was not completed and the collected data are not
nationally representative. Therefore, data collected from 2019 to March 2020
were combined with data from the NHANES 2017-2018 cycle to form a nationally
representative sample of NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data. These data
are available to the public. Please refer to the Analytic Notes section for
more details on the use of the data.

Ferritin is a protein that contains iron and is found in red blood cells.
Ferritin levels are used primarily in evaluating the bodyâs iron metabolism
and levels of iron storage or reserves, which can be too low or too high. Low
storage of iron can lead to iron deficiency anemia. High levels of iron
storage, also called iron overload, occurs when excess iron is accumulated in
the body, primarily the liver.  

The objectives of this component are: 1) to provide data for monitoring
secular trends in measures of nutritional status in the U.S. population; 2) to
evaluate the effects of people's habits and behaviors, such as physical
activity and the use of alcohol, tobacco, and dietary supplements on
nutritional status; and 3) to evaluate the effect of changes in nutrition and
public health policies, including welfare reform legislation, food
fortification policy, and child nutrition programs, on the nutritional status
of the U.S. population.

These data will be used to estimate deficiencies and toxicities of specific
nutrients in the population and subgroups, to provide population reference
data, and to estimate the contribution of diet, supplements, and other factors
to serum levels of nutrients. Data will be used for research to further define
nutrient requirements, as well as optimal levels for disease prevention and
health promotion.

## Eligible Sample

Examined participants 1-5 years old and 12 years and older, in the NHANES
2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic sample, were eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

The method for the measurement of Ferritin on the Roche CobasÂ® e601 is a
sandwich principle with a total duration time of 18 minutes. The 1st
incubation uses 10 Î¼L of sample, a ferritin-specific antibody and a labeled
ferritin-specific antibody to form a sandwich complex. The 2nd incubation
occurs after the addition of microparticles that cause the complex to bind to
the solid phase. The reaction mixture is aspirated into the measuring cell
where the microparticles are magnetically captured onto the surface of the
electrode. Unbound substances are then removed. Application of a voltage to
the electrode then induces chemiluminescent emission which is measured by a
photomultiplier. Results are determined via a calibration curve.

Refer to the Laboratory Method Files section for a detailed description of the
laboratory methods used.  

## Laboratory Method Files

[Ferritin Laboratory Procedure
Manual](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/FERTIN-J-
MET-508.pdf) (April 2020)

[Ferritin](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/FERTIN-
K-MET-508.pdf) (August 2021)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Serum specimens were processed, stored, and shipped to the Division of
Laboratory Sciences, National Center for Environmental Health, Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the NHANES
[2017-2018](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/manuals/2017_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf)
and [2019-2020 Laboratory Procedures
Manuals](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/manuals/2020-MEC-
Laboratory-Procedures-Manual-508.pdf) (LPMs). Vials were stored under
appropriate frozen (â30Â°C) conditions until they are shipped to National
Center for Environmental Health for testing.

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the NHANES LPMs.

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured competency assessment evaluation during
visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the QC
procedures. Each laboratory staff member is observed for equipment operation,
specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures and constructive
feedback are given to each staff member. Formal retraining sessions are
conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were maintained.

**Analytical Laboratories**

NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split samples collected during âdry runâ sessions. In addition,
contract laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2% of all specimens.

NCHS developed and distributed a QC protocol for all CDC and contract
laboratories, which outlined the use of Westgard rules (Westgard, et al. 1981)
when testing NHANES specimens. Progress reports containing any problems
encountered during shipping or receipt of specimens, summary statistics for
each control pool, QC graphs, instrument calibration, reagents, and any
special considerations are submitted to NCHS quarterly. The reports are
reviewed for trends or shifts in the data. The laboratories are required to
explain any identified areas of concern.

All QC procedures recommended by the manufacturers were followed. Reported
results for all assays meet the Division of Laboratory Sciencesâ QA/QC
performance criteria for accuracy and precision, similar to the Westgard rules
(Caudill, et al. 2008).

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.  
  
One variable was created in this data file. The variable LBDFERSI was created
using the formula:

**LBDFERSI** : The ferritin value in ng/mL (LBXFER) was converted to Âµg/L
(LBDFERSI) by multiplying LBXFER by 1.00 (rounded to 3 significant figures).

## Analytic Notes

The COVID-19 pandemic required suspension of NHANES 2019-2020 field operations
in March 2020 after data were collected in 18 of the 30 survey locations in
the 2019-2020 sample. Data collection was cancelled for the remaining 12
locations. Because the collected data from 18 locations were not nationally
representative, these data were combined with data from the previous cycle
(2017-2018) to create a 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file. A special
weighting process was applied to the 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file.
The resulting sample weights in the present file should be used to calculate
estimates from the combined cycles. These sample weights are not appropriate
for independent analyses of the 2019-2020 data and will not yield nationally
representative results for either the 2017-2018 data alone or the 2019-March
2020 data alone. Please refer to the NHANES website for additional information
for the NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data, and for the previous
2017-2018 public use data file with specific weights for that 2-year cycle.

Refer to the
[2017-2018](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2017)
and [2019-2020 Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2019)
documents for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

There are over 800 laboratory tests performed on NHANES participants. However,
not all participants provided biospecimens or enough volume for all the tests
to be performed. The specimen availability can also vary by age or other
population characteristics. For example, in 2017-March 2020, approximately 76%
of children aged 1-17 years who were examined in the MEC provided a blood
specimen through phlebotomy, while 95% of examined adults age 18 and older
provided a blood specimen. Analysts should evaluate the extent of missing data
in the dataset related to the outcome of interest as well as any predictor
variables used in the analyses to determine whether additional re-weighting
for item non-response is necessary.

Please refer to the NHANES [Analytic Guidelines
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx)and the on-line
NHANES [Tutorial](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/tutorials/default.aspx) for
details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The [NHANES 2017-March Pre-pandemic
2020Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&Cycle=2017-2020)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample design variables.
The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and
PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data
file.

The [2017-March 2020 Pre-pandemic Fasting Questionnaire
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/2017-2018/P_FASTQX.htm) includes
auxiliary information, such as fasting status, length of fast, and the time of
venipuncture.

This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

**Detection Limits**

The detection limits were constant for all of the analytes in the data set.
Two variables are provided for each of these analytes. The variable name
ending âLCâ (ex., LBDFERLC) indicates whether the result was below the
limit of detection: the value â0â means that the result was at or above
the limit of detection, â1â indicates that the result was below the limit
of detection. The other variable prefixed LBX (ex., LBXFER) provides the
analytic result for that analyte.  For analytes with analytic results below
the lower limit of detection (ex., LBDFERLC=1), an imputed fill value was
placed in the analyte results field. This value is the lower limit of
detection divided by the square root of 2 (LLOD/sqrt[2]).

The lower limit of detection (LLOD in ng/mL) for LBXFER: __

**Va****riable Name** |  **S****A****S Label** |  **LLOD**  
---|---|---  
LBXFER |  Ferritin |  0.5 ng/mL  
  

## References

  * Caudill, S.P., Schleicher, R.L., Pirkle, J.L. Multi-rule quality control for the age-related eye disease study. Statist. Med. (2008) 27(20):4094-40106.
  * Westgard J.O., Barry P.L., Hunt M.R., Groth T. A multi-rule Shewhart chart for quality control in clinical chemistry. Clin Chem (1981) 27:493-501.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 5 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXFER - Ferritin (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXFER
SAS Label:

    Ferritin (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Ferritin (ng/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 5 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.04 to 5190 | Range of Values | 10557 | 10557 |   
. | Missing | 1426 | 11983 |   
  
### LBDFERSI - Ferritin (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDFERSI
SAS Label:

    Ferritin (ug/L)
English Text:

    Ferritin (ug/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 5 YEARS
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.04 to 5190 | Range of Values | 10557 | 10557 |   
. | Missing | 1426 | 11983 | 

