### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Method Files
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * WTFOLPRP - Folate & Folate Form Weight Pre-Pandemic
    * LBDRFO - RBC folate (ng/mL)
    * LBDRFOSI - RBC folate (nmol/L)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2017-March 2020 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Folate - RBC (P_FOLATE)

####  Data File: P_FOLATE.xpt

##### First Published: December 2021

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

The NHANES program suspended field operations in March 2020 due to the
coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. As a result, data collection for
the NHANES 2019-2020 cycle was not completed and the collected data are not
nationally representative. Therefore, data collected from 2019 to March 2020
were combined with data from the NHANES 2017-2018 cycle to form a nationally
representative sample of NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data. These data
are available to the public. Please refer to the Analytic Notes section for
more details on the use of the data.

The objectives of the folate component are to: 1) provide data for monitoring
secular trends in measures of nutritional status in the U.S. population; 2)
evaluate the effect of people's habits and behaviors, such as physical
activity and the use of alcohol, tobacco, and dietary supplements on
nutritional status; and 3) evaluate the effect of changes in nutrition and
public health policies, including welfare reform legislation, food
fortification policy, and child nutrition programs on the nutritional status
of the U.S. population. Total folate measurement provides information on the
folate status of the individual, where serum folate is an indicator of short-
term status and red blood cell (RBC) folate is an indicator of long-term
status.

These data will be used to estimate deficiencies and toxicities of specific
nutrients in the population and subgroup, to provide population reference
data, and to estimate the contribution of diet, supplements, and other factors
to serum levels of nutrients. Data will be used in research to further define
nutrient requirements as well as optimal levels for disease prevention and
health promotion.

## Eligible Sample

All examined female participants aged 12-49 years, and other examined
participants (all males as well as females 1-11 years and 50+ years) one year
and older from a one-half subsample in the NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic
sample were eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

Population folate status in the NHANES 2017-March 2020 survey cycle was
assessed by a combination of two analytical methods: whole-blood folate was
measured by microbiologic assay, while serum folate forms were measured by
isotope-dilution high performance liquid chromatography coupled to tandem mass
spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), this is the same method used in NHANES 2011-2016. RBC
folate was then calculated using the data from both assays.

**Whole Blood Folate**

Microbiological assays have been used for many years to estimate the
concentration of folate in blood and other tissues. In the 1990s, more robust
and reliable procedures were developed that use microtiter plates for higher
throughput and a cryopreserved antibiotic resistant microorganism to avoid
having to work under aseptic conditions. The described procedure is an
adaptation of this method, and was introduced by the National Center for
Environmental Health (NCEH) to NHANES in 2007\. Diluted whole blood is added
to an assay medium containing Lactobacillus rhamnosus (formerly known as
Lactobacillus casei) (NCIB 10463) and all of the nutrients necessary for the
growth of L. rhamnosus except folate. The inoculated medium is incubated for
45 hours at 37oC. Since the growth of L. rhamnosus is proportional to the
amount of total folate present in whole blood sample; the folate level can be
assessed by measuring the turbidity of the inoculated medium at 590 nm in a
PowerWave X340 Microplate reader (Bio-Tek Instrument). The assay was
calibrated with 5-methyl-tetrahydrofolate from Merck Cie (Eprova).

**Serum Total Folate**

Serum total folate was calculated as the sum of individual folate forms. Five
folate forms, 5-methyl-tetrahydrofolate, folic acid, 5-formyl-
tetrahydrofolate, tetrahydrofolate, and 5,10-methenyl-tetrahydrofolate are
measured by isotope-dilution high performance liquid chromatography coupled to
tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) (Fazili, et al. 2013). The assay is
performed by combining specimen (150 µL serum) with an ammonium formate buffer
and an internal standard mixture. Sample extraction and clean-up is performed
by automated 96-probe solid phase extraction (SPE) using 96-well phenyl SPE
plates and takes ~1 h for a 96-well plate. Folate forms are separated within 6
min using isocratic mobile phase conditions and measured by LC-MS/MS.
Quantitation is based on peak area ratios interpolated against a five-point
aqueous linear calibration curve using 1/x2 weighting.

Refer to the Laboratory Method Files section for a detailed description on the
laboratory methods used.

## Laboratory Method Files

[Folate -
RBC](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/FOLATE-J-
MET-508.pdf) (July 2020)

[Folate -
RBC](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/FOLATE-K-
MET-508.pdf) (December 2021)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Whole blood and blood serum are processed, stored, and shipped to the Division
of Laboratory Sciences, National Center for Environmental Health, Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the
[2017-2018](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/manuals/2017_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf)
and [2019-2020 NHANES Laboratory Procedures Manuals
(LPMs)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/manuals/2020-MEC-
Laboratory-Procedures-Manual-508.pdf). Vials are stored under appropriate
frozen (-30°C) conditions until they are shipped to National Center for
Environmental Health for testing.

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments mandates. Detailed QA/QC
instructions are discussed in the NHANES LPMs.

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured QA evaluation during unscheduled visits
to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the QC procedures.
Each laboratory staff member is observed for equipment operation, specimen
collection and preparation; testing procedures and constructive feedback are
given to each staff member. Formal retraining sessions are conducted annually
to ensure that required skill levels were maintained.

**Analytical Laboratories**

NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split samples collected during "dry run" sessions. In addition, contract
laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2% of all specimens.

NCHS developed and distributed a QC protocol for all the contract
laboratories, which outlined the use of Westgard rules (Westgard, et al. 1981)
when running NHANES specimens. Progress reports containing any problems
encountered during shipping or receipt of specimens, summary statistics for
each control pool, QC graphs, instrument calibration, reagents, and any
special considerations are submitted to NCHS quarterly. The reports are
reviewed for trends or shifts in the data. The laboratories are required to
explain any identified areas of concern.

All QC procedures recommended by the manufacturers were followed. Reported
results for all assays meet the Division of Laboratory Sciences' QA/QC
performance criteria for accuracy and precision, similar to the Westgard rules
(Caudill, et al. 2008).

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

One variable was created in this data file. The variable (LBDRFO) was created
using the following formula:

**LBDRFO:** The RBC folate value in nmol/L RBC (LBDRFOSI) was converted to
ng/mL RBC (LBDRFO) by dividing LBDRFOSI by 2.265 (rounded to 3 significant
figures).

## Analytic Notes

The COVID-19 pandemic required suspension of NHANES 2019-2020 field operations
in March 2020 after data were collected in 18 of the 30 survey locations in
the 2019-2020 sample. Data collection was cancelled for the remaining 12
locations. Because the collected data from 18 locations were not nationally
representative, these data were combined with data from the previous cycle
(2017-2018) to create a 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file. A special
weighting process was applied to the 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file.
The resulting sample weights in the demographic data file should be used to
calculate estimates from the combined cycles. These sample weights are not
appropriate for independent analyses of the 2019-2020 data and will not yield
nationally representative results for either the 2017-2018 data alone or the
2019-March 2020 data alone. Please refer to the NHANES website for additional
information for the NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data, and for the
previous 2017-2018 public use data file with specific weights for that 2-year
cycle.

Red blood cell (RBC) folate in NHANES 2017-Mar 2020 was calculated from the
whole blood folate concentration as measured by microbiologic assay by
adjusting for RBC volume and correcting for serum total folate concentration,
which was calculated as the sum of individual folate forms. The amounts of
individual serum folate forms were measured by liquid chromatography-tandem
mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). For folate forms with results lower than limit
of detection (LOD), an imputed value of LOD divided by the square root of 2
was used. Serum folate forms used to calculate serum total folate
concentration were: 5-methyl-tetrahydrofolate, folic acid, 5-formyl-
tetrahydrofolate, tetrahydrofolate, and 5,10-methenyl-tetrahydrofolate. For
more detailed information regarding folate forms data in NHANES 2017- March
2020, please refer to the documentation accompanying the Folate Forms - Serum
([P_FOLFMS](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/2017-2018/P_FOLFMS.htm)) file.

Refer to the
[2017-2018](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2017)
and [2019-2020 Laboratory Data Overview
documents](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2019)
for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

There are over 800 laboratory tests performed on NHANES participants. However,
not all participants provided biospecimens or enough volume for all the tests
to be performed. The specimen availability can also vary by age or other
population characteristics. For example, in 2017-March 2020 approximately 76%
of children aged 1-17 years who were examined in the MEC provided a blood
specimen through phlebotomy, while 95% of examined adults age 18 and older
provided a blood specimen. Analysts should evaluate the extent of missing data
in the dataset related to the outcome of interest as well as any predictor
variables used in the analyses to determine whether additional re-weighting
for item non-response is necessary.

Please refer to the [NHANES Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line [NHANES
Tutorial](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/tutorials/default.aspx) for details
on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

**Subsample Weights**

The analytes included in this dataset were measured in all examined female
participants aged 12-49 years, and in a one-half subsample of other examined
participants one year and older. Special sample weights are required to
analyze these data properly. Variable (WTFOLPRP) encoding of the specific
sample weights for this subsample is included in this data file and should be
used when analyzing these data. These special sample weights were created to
account for the subsample selection probability, as well as the additional
nonresponse to these lab tests. Therefore, if participants were eligible for
the subsample, but did not provide a blood specimen, they would have the
sample weight value assigned as "0" in their records.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The [2017- March 2020 Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&Cycle=2017-2020)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample design variables.
The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and
PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data
file.

The [Fasting Questionnaire
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/2017-2018/P_FASTQX.htm) includes
auxiliary information, such as fasting status, the time of venipuncture, and
the conditions precluding venipuncture.

This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

**Detection Limits**

An exact lower limit of detection (LLOD) for RBC folate cannot be calculated
because the value is a composite of whole blood folate, serum folate, and
hematocrit. Therefore, there is no LLOD for the calculated value of RBC
folate. Furthermore, the LOD of this method for whole blood folate depends on
the dilution factor (i.e., LOD = 44 nmol/L whole blood if whole blood
hemolysate is only diluted 1/40; assuming a hematocrit of 40%, this would
correspond to a RBC folate concentration of 110 nmol/L RBC).

## References

  * Caudill, S.P., Schleicher, R.L., Pirkle, J.L. Multi-rule quality control for the age-related eye disease study. Statist. Med. (2008) 27(20):4094-40106.
  * Fazili Z, Whitehead RD Jr, Paladugula N, Pfeiffer CM. A high-throughput LC-MS/MS method suitable for population biomonitoring measures five serum folate vitamers and one oxidation product. Anal Bioanal Chem. 2013;405:4549-60.
  * Westgard J.O., Barry P.L., Hunt M.R., Groth T. A multi-rule Shewhart chart for quality control in clinical chemistry. Clin Chem (1981) 27:493-501.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### WTFOLPRP - Folate & Folate Form Weight Pre-Pandemic

Variable Name:

    WTFOLPRP
SAS Label:

    Folate & Folate Form Weight Pre-Pandemic
English Text:

    Folate & Folate Form Weight Pre-Pandemic
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2613.502065 to 856106.12264 | Range of Values | 7472 | 7472 |   
0 | No Lab Result | 914 | 8386 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 8386 |   
  
### LBDRFO - RBC folate (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBDRFO
SAS Label:

    RBC folate (ng/mL)
English Text:

    RBC folate (ng/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
50.3 to 2590 | Range of Values | 7420 | 7420 |   
. | Missing | 966 | 8386 |   
  
### LBDRFOSI - RBC folate (nmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDRFOSI
SAS Label:

    RBC folate (nmol/L)
English Text:

    RBC folate (nmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 1 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
114 to 5870 | Range of Values | 7420 | 7420 |   
. | Missing | 966 | 8386 | 

