ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * [Component Description](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#Component_Description)
  * [Eligible Sample](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#Eligible_Sample)
  * [Description of Laboratory Methodology](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#Description_of_Laboratory_Methodology)
  * [Laboratory Method Files](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#Laboratory_Method_Files)
  * [Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#Laboratory_Quality_Assurance_and_Monitoring)
  * [Data Processing and Editing](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#Data_Processing_and_Editing)
  * [Analytic Notes](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#Analytic_Notes)
  * [References](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#References)
  * [Codebook](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#Codebook)
    * [SEQN \- Respondent sequence number](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#SEQN)
    * [LBXGH \- Glycohemoglobin (%)](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7580&Dataset=P_GHB#LBXGH)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2017-March 2020 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Glycohemoglobin (P_GHB)

####  Data File: P_GHB.xpt

##### First Published: May 2021

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

The NHANES program suspended field operations in March 2020 due to the
coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. As a result, data collection for
the NHANES 2019-2020 cycle was not completed and the collected data are not
nationally representative. Therefore, data collected from 2019 to March 2020
were combined with data from the NHANES 2017-2018 cycle to form a nationally
representative sample of NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data. These data
are available to the public. Please refer to the Analytic Notes section for
more details on the use of the data.

In 2015, diabetes was the seventh leading cause of death in the United States.
More than 30 million Americans are living with diabetes, and 86 million are
living with prediabetes, which is a serious health condition that increases a
personâs risk of type 2 diabetes and other chronic diseases. The prevalence
of diabetes and overweight (one of the major risk factors for diabetes)
continues to increase. Substantial new efforts to prevent or control diabetes
have begun, including the Diabetes Prevention Trial and the National Diabetes
Education Program.

Diabetes testing provides population data to: 1) determine a national estimate
of diabetes prevalence (diagnosed and undiagnosed); 2) identify the risk
factors; 3) permit a national cohort to be established for follow-up studies
of this condition; and 4) provide critical information to clinicians and
public health officials for the development of preventive care and community-
based interventions.

## Eligible Sample

All examined participants 12 years and older in the NHANES 2017-March 2020
pre-pandemic sample were eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

In this assay, the stable (SA1c) and labile (LA1c) A1c forms can be
individually resolved on the chromatogram without manual pretreatment,
allowing accurate measurement of the stable form of HbA1c. The analyzer
dilutes the whole blood specimen with a hemolysis solution, and then injects a
small volume of the treated specimen onto the HPLC analytical column.
Separation is achieved by utilizing differences in ionic interactions between
the cation exchange group on the column resin surface and the hemoglobin
components. The hemoglobin fractions (A1c, A1b, F, LA1c, SA1c, A0 and H-Var)
are subsequently removed from the column material by step-wise elution using
elution buffers each with a different salt concentration. The separated
hemoglobin components pass through the photometer flow cell where the analyzer
measures changes in absorbance at 415 nm. The analyzer integrates and reduces
the raw data, and then calculates the relative percentages of each hemoglobin
fraction. Analysis requires three minutes. If a specimen showed a
deterioration peak, hemoglobin variant, or a LA1c results â¥ 5% and/or LA1c
results > half SA1c during the regular test, it would be retested by a second
method, ultra 2 HPLC. In the 2017March 2020 pre-pandemic sample, only 3.9% of
the blood specimens required to be retested by the ultra 2 HPLC method. A lab
instrumentation change was made for this secondary method during the data
collection period. This instrument change did not significantly affect the
resulted glycohemoglobin values; the mean relative error between results from
the two instruments was 0.5% (ranged from -4.0% to 5.2%).

Refer to the Laboratory Method Files section for a detailed description of the
laboratory methods used.

## Laboratory Method Files

[Glycohemoglobin_Premier](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/GHB-
J-Premier-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[Glycohemoglobin_G8](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/GHB-
J-G8-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[Glycohemoglobin_Premier](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/GHB-
K-Premier-MET-508.pdf) (April 2021)

[Glycohemoglobin_G8](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/GHB-
K-G8-MET-508.pdf) (April 2021)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Whole blood specimens were processed, stored, and shipped to the University of
Missouri-Columbia, MO for analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the NHANES
[2017-2018](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/manuals/2017_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf)
and [2019-2020 Laboratory Procedures Manuals
(LPM)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/manuals/2020-MEC-
Laboratory-Procedures-Manual-508.pdf). Vials are stored under appropriate
refrigerated (2-8Â°C) conditions until they were shipped to University of
Missouri for testing.

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the NHANES LPM.

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**  
Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured competency assessment evaluation during
visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the QC
procedures. Each laboratory staff member is observed for equipment operation,
specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures and constructive
feedback are given to each staff member. Formal retraining sessions are
conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were maintained.

**Analytical Laboratories**  
NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split samples collected on âdry runâ sessions. In addition, contract
laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2% of all specimens.

NCHS developed and distributed a QC protocol for all CDC and contract
laboratories, which outlined the use of Westgard rules (Westgard et al., 1981)
when testing NHANES specimens. Progress reports containing any problems
encountered during shipping or receipt of specimens, summary statistics for
each control pool, QC graphs, instrument calibration, reagents, and any
special considerations are submitted to NCHS quarterly. The reports are
reviewed for trends or shifts in the data. The laboratories are required to
explain any identified areas of concern.

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

## Analytic Notes

The COVID-19 pandemic required suspension of NHANES 2019-2020 field operations
in March 2020 after data were collected in 18 of the 30 survey locations in
the 2019-2020 sample. Data collection was cancelled for the remaining 12
locations. Because the collected data from 18 locations were not nationally
representative, these data were combined with data from the previous cycle
(2017-2018) to create a 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file. A special
weighting process was applied to the 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file.
The resulting sample weights in the demographic data file should be used to
calculate estimates from the combined cycles. These sample weights are not
appropriate for independent analyses of the 2019-2020 data and will not yield
nationally representative results for either the 2017-2018 data alone or the
2019-March 2020 data alone. Please refer to the NHANES website for additional
information for the NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data, and for the
previous 2017-2018 public use data file with specific weights for that 2-year
cycle.

Refer to the
[2017-2018](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2017)
and [2019-2020 Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2019)
documents for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

There are over 800 laboratory tests performed on NHANES participants. However,
not all participants provided biospecimens or enough volume for all the tests
to be performed. The specimen availability can also vary by age or other
population characteristics. For example, in 2017-March 2020, approximately 76%
of children aged 1-17 years who were examined in the MEC provided a blood
specimen through phlebotomy, while 95% of examined adults age 18 and older
provided a blood specimen. Analysts should evaluate the extent of missing data
in the dataset related to the outcome of interest as well as any predictor
variables used in the analyses to determine whether additional re-weighting
for item non-response is necessary.

Please refer to the NHANES [Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line NHANES [Tutorial](http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/) for further
details on the use of sample weights and analytic issues.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The [NHANES 2017-March 2020 Pre-
Pandemic Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&Cycle=2017-2020)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample design variables.
The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and
PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data
file.

The [Fasting Questionnaire
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/2017-2018/P_FASTQX.htm) includes
auxiliary information, such as fasting status, length of fast and the time of
venipuncture.

This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

**Detection Limits**

Since this data is reported in percent, the use of lower LLODs isnât
applicable.  

## References

  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. National Diabetes Statistics Report, 2017. Atlanta, GA: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, U.S. Dept of Health and Human Services; 2017.
  * Westgard J.O., Barry P.L., Hunt M.R., Groth T. A multi-rule Shewhart chart for quality control in clinical chemistry. Clin Chem (1981) 27:493-501.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXGH - Glycohemoglobin (%)

Variable Name:

    LBXGH
SAS Label:

    Glycohemoglobin (%)
English Text:

    Glycohemoglobin (%)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.8 to 16.2 | Range of Values | 9737 | 9737 |   
. | Missing | 672 | 10409 | 

