### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Method Files
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXHA - Hepatitis A antibody

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2017-March 2020 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Hepatitis A (P_HEPA)

####  Data File: P_HEPA.xpt

##### First Published: August 2022

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

The NHANES program suspended field operations in March 2020 due to the
coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. As a result, data collection for
the NHANES 2019-2020 cycle was not completed and the collected data are not
nationally representative. Therefore, data collected from 2019 to March 2020
were combined with data from the NHANES 2017-2018 cycle to form a nationally
representative sample of NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data. These data
are available to the public. Please refer to the Analytic Notes section for
more details on the use of the data.

Hepatitis viruses constitute a major public health problem because of the
morbidity and mortality associated with the acute and chronic consequences of
these infections. Because of the high rate of asymptomatic infection with
these viruses, information about the prevalence of these diseases is needed to
monitor prevention efforts. By testing a nationally representative sample of
the U.S. population, NHANES provides the most reliable estimates of age-
specific prevalence needed to evaluate the effectiveness of the strategies to
prevent these infections. In addition, NHANES provides the means to better
define the epidemiology of other hepatitis viruses. NHANES testing for markers
of infection with hepatitis viruses is used to determine secular trends in
infection rates across most age and racial/ethnic groups and provides a
national picture of the epidemiologic determinants of these infections.

Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver most often caused by a virus. Viral
hepatitis is a major public health problem of global importance because of the
ongoing transmission of viruses that cause the disease and increased morbidity
and mortality associated with the acute and chronic consequences of these
infections. Global and US goals have been established for elimination of viral
hepatitis as a public health threat by 2030 (HHS, 2020).

In the US, the most common types of viral hepatitis are hepatitis A, B, and C.
Effective vaccines are available to help prevent hepatitis A and hepatitis B.
No vaccine is available for hepatitis C; however, highly effective, well-
tolerated treatment can cure hepatitis C virus infection. Hepatitis D virus
infection is less common in the US and can occur only among persons with
hepatitis B virus infection. Hepatitis E infection also is less common in the
US. These five hepatitis viruses, also called hepatitides, are well-
characterized for detection with laboratory assays and are monitored in U.S.
public health surveillance systems.

NHANES viral hepatitis data are used to monitor progress toward goals in
_Healthy People_ and the HHS Viral Hepatitis National Strategic Plan, which in
turn support US and global viral hepatitis elimination goals. The viral
hepatitis laboratory and interview components of NHANES complement data from
outbreak, case-based surveillance, vital statistics, health care systems, and
cohort studies that can provide timely, detailed, or longitudinal information
for subnational geographic areas and disproportionately affected populations,
such as persons experiencing homelessness or living in correctional
facilities; however, these sources lack information available from NHANES,
such as race, ethnicity, education, income, and health status and behaviors
(HHS Healthy People, 2022 and National Academies of Science, Engineering and
Medicine, 2017).

Viral hepatitis data from NHANES are available beginning with the Second
NHANES conducted during 1976-1980 for hepatitis A and hepatitis B, and with
the Third NHANES conducted during 1988-1994 for hepatitis C, hepatitis D and
hepatitis E.

Hepatitis A virus (HAV) infection is a cause of morbidity and socio-economic
loss in many parts of the world. Transmission is typically via the fecal-oral
route associated with contaminated water or food. In areas where sanitation is
poor, infections often occur early in life. In childhood, HAV infection is
generally mild or asymptomatic and results in lifelong immunity. With improved
sanitation and hygiene, infections are delayed and consequently the number of
adolescents and adults susceptible to the virus increases. In adolescents and
adults, HAV infection is more serious leading to hepatitis and an increased
mortality rate.

Anti-HAV IgM is detectable during the acute stage of illness, while anti-HAV
IgG may be present for many years after recovery or following vaccination. The
presence of anti-HAV (IgG or IgM) in human serum or plasma is indicative of
past or present infection with hepatitis A virus (HAV) or vaccination against
HAV. The test for total anti-HAV is primarily used to determine exposure to
HAV either naturally or due to vaccination. No test can differentiate between
exposure naturally or due to vaccination.

The total anti-HAV test is used for the NHANES viral hepatitis component.

## Eligible Sample

Examined participants aged 2 years and older in the NHANES 2017-March 2020
pre-pandemic sample were eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

Hepatitis A antibody (anti-HAV) is measured using the VITROS Anti-HAV Total
assay. The test is performed using the VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Anti-
HAV Total Reagent Pack and the VITROS Immunodiagnostic Products Anti-HAV Total
Calibrator on the VITROS ECi/ECiQ or VITROS 3600 Immunodiagnostic System.

Refer to the Laboratory Method Files section for a detailed description of the
laboratory methods used.  

## Laboratory Method Files

[Hepatitis A Antibody Laboratory Procedure
Manual](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/HEPA-J-MET-
HEPATITIS-A-ANTIBODY-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[Hepatitis A Antibody Laboratory Procedure
Manual](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/HEPA-K-
HEPATITIS A ANTIBODY-508.pdf) (August 2022)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Serum specimens were processed, stored, and shipped to the Division of Viral
Hepatitis, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD, and TB
Prevention, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for
analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the NHANES [2017-2018
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/manuals/2017_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf)and
[2019-2020](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/manuals/2020-MEC-
Laboratory-Procedures-Manual-508.pdf) Laboratory Procedures Manuals (LPMs).
Vials were stored under appropriate frozen (-30Â°C) conditions until they were
shipped to Division of Viral Hepatitis, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral
Hepatitis, STD, and TB Prevention for testing.

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the NHANES LPMs.

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured competency assessment evaluation during
visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the QC
procedures. Each laboratory staff member is observed for equipment operation,
specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures and constructive
feedback are given to each staff member. Formal retraining sessions are
conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were maintained.

**Analytical Laboratories**

NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split samples collected on "dry run" sessions. In addition, contract
laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2% of all specimens.

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

## Analytic Notes

The COVID-19 pandemic required suspension of NHANES 2019-2020 field operations
in March 2020 after data were collected in 18 of the 30 survey locations in
the 2019-2020 sample. Data collection was cancelled for the remaining 12
locations. Because the collected data from 18 locations were not nationally
representative, these data were combined with data from the previous cycle
(2017-2018) to create a 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file. A special
weighting process was applied to the 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file.
The resulting sample weights in the demographic data file should be used to
calculate estimates from the combined cycles. These sample weights are not
appropriate for independent analyses of the 2019-2020 data and will not yield
nationally representative results for either the 2017-2018 data alone or the
2019-March 2020 data alone. Please refer to the NHANES website for additional
information for the NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data, and for the
previous 2017-2018 public use data file with specific weights for that 2-year
cycle.

Refer to the
[2017-2018](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2017)
and
[2019-2020](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2019)
Laboratory Data Overview documents for general information on NHANES
laboratory data.

There are over 800 laboratory tests performed on NHANES participants. However,
not all participants provided biospecimens or enough volume for all the tests
to be performed. The specimen availability can also vary by age or other
population characteristics. For example, in the 2017-March 2020 approximately
76% of children aged 1-17 years who were examined in the MEC provided a blood
specimen through phlebotomy, while 95% of examined adults aged 18 and older
provided a blood specimen. Analysts should evaluate the extent of missing data
in the dataset related to the outcome of interest as well as any predictor
variables used in the analyses to determine whether additional re-weighting
for item non-response is necessary.

Please refer to the NHANES [Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line NHANES
[Tutorial](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/tutorials/default.aspx) for
further details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The [ NHANES 2017-March 2020
Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&Cycle=2017-2020)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample design variables.
The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and
PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data
file.

This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

**Detection Limits**

The assay used in this study cannot differentiate between natural infection
and vaccination; therefore, seropositivity for anti-HAV reflects either
natural or vaccine-induced immunity.

This data is qualitative. The use of lower limits of detection (LLODs) is not
applicable.

## References

  * National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. 2017. A national strategy for the elimination of hepatitis B and C. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press. Available from: <http://www.nationalacademies.org/hmd/reports/2017/national-strategy-for-the-elimination-of-hepatitis-b-and-c.aspx>
  * U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. 2020\. Viral Hepatitis National Strategic Plan for the United States: A Roadmap to Elimination (2021-2025). Washington, DC. Available from: <https://www.hhs.gov/hepatitis/viral-hepatitis-national-strategic-plan/index.html>
  * U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Healthy People. 2022. Available from: <https://health.gov/our-work/national-health-initiatives/healthy-people>

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number
Target:

     Both males and females 2 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXHA - Hepatitis A antibody

Variable Name:

    LBXHA
SAS Label:

    Hepatitis A antibody
English Text:

    Hepatitis A antibody
Target:

     Both males and females 2 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 6987 | 6987 |   
2 | Negative | 4522 | 11509 |   
3 | Indeterminate | 12 | 11521 |   
. | Missing | 1894 | 13415 | 

