### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Method Files
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent Sequence Number
    * LBXTC - Total Cholesterol (mg/dL)
    * LBDTCSI - Total Cholesterol (mmol/L)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2017-March 2020 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Cholesterol - Total (P_TCHOL)

####  Data File: P_TCHOL.xpt

##### First Published: August 2021

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

The NHANES program suspended field operations in March 2020 due to the
coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. As a result, data collection for
the NHANES 2019-2020 cycle was not completed and the collected data are not
nationally representative. Therefore, data collected from 2019 to March 2020
were combined with data from the NHANES 2017-2018 cycle to form a nationally
representative sample of NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data. These data
are available to the public. Please refer to the Analytic Notes section for
more details on the use of the data.

Heart disease is the leading cause of death in the United States (Murphy, et.
al., 2018). Blood lipid levels are fundamental measures included in NHANES
that can be used for cardiovascular risk assessment. The goals the NHANES
blood lipid measurements include: 1) monitoring the prevalence and trends in
major cardiovascular conditions and overall risk factors in the U.S.; 2)
evaluating prevention and treatment programs targeting cardiovascular disease
in the U.S.; and 3) monitoring the status of hyperlipidemia.

In 2018, new Blood Cholesterol Guidelines were released, by the American
College of Cardiology and American Heart Association Task Force on Clinical
Practice Guidelines, which aim to reduce the risk of atherosclerotic
cardiovascular disease through cholesterol management (Grundy, et. al., 2018).
The blood lipids measurements in NHANES include total cholesterol, high-
density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoproteins cholesterol
(LDL-C), and triglycerides. The present file provides data on total
cholesterol. Data on LDL-C and triglycerides are provided in the Cholesterol -
Low - Density Lipoprotein and Triglycerides (P_TRIGLY) files, and HDL-C data
are provided in Cholesterol - High - Density Lipoprotein (P_HDL).

## Eligible Sample

All examined participants 6 years and older in the NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-
pandemic sample were eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Total Cholesterol**

The laboratory method used to measure total cholesterol is an enzymatic assay.
In this enzymatic assay, esterified cholesterol is converted to cholesterol by
cholesterol esterase. The resulting cholesterol is then acted upon by
cholesterol oxidase to produce cholest-4-en-3-one and hydrogen peroxide. The
hydrogen peroxide then reacts with 4-aminophenazone in the presence of
peroxidase to produce a colored product that is measured at 505 nm (secondary
wavelength = 700 nm). The final step is known as the Trinder reaction. This
method is a single reagent, endpoint reaction that is specific for
cholesterol.

Cholesterol, a steroid molecule with a hydroxyl group in the C3 position, is
synthesized in many types of tissue, but mainly in the liver and intestinal
wall. About 75 percent of cholesterol is newly synthesized, with the remainder
originating from dietary intake. Cholesterol measurement is performed to
screen for atherosclerotic risk and in the diagnosis and treatment of
disorders involving elevated cholesterol as well as lipid and lipoprotein
metabolic disorders.

Refer to the Laboratory Method Files section for a detailed description of the
laboratory methods used.

Serum total cholesterol levels were directly measured. Please see below the
Data Processing and Editing section for more details. For laboratory methods
used for low-density lipoproteins cholesterol (LDL-C) and triglycerides, and
HDL-C, please refer to the accompanying documentation:  [P_TRIGLY
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/2017-2020/p_trigly.htm)and
[P_HDL](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/2017-2020/p_hdl.htm).

## Laboratory Method Files

[Total Cholesterol (Frozen) Laboratory Procedure
Manual](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/labmethods/TCHOL-J-
MET-508.pdf) (February 2020)

[Total Cholesterol (Frozen) Laboratory Procedure
Manual](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/labmethods/TCHOL-K-
MET-508.pdf) (August 2021)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Serum specimens were processed, stored, and shipped to the University of
Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN for analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the NHANES
[2017-2018](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2017-2018/manuals/2017_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf)
and [2019-2020
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2019-2020/manuals/2020-MEC-Laboratory-
Procedures-Manual-508.pdf)Laboratory Procedures Manuals (LPM). Vials are
stored under appropriate frozen (-30Â°C) conditions until they are shipped to
University of Minnesota for testing.

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the NHANES LPM.

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured competency assessment evaluation during
visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the QC
procedures. Each laboratory staff member is observed for equipment operation,
specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures and constructive
feedback are given to each staff member. Formal retraining sessions are
conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were maintained.

**Analytical Laboratories**

NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split specimens collected on "dry run" sessions. In addition, contract
laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2% of all specimens.

NCHS developed and distributed a QC protocol for all CDC and contract
laboratories, which outlined the use of Westgard rules (Westgard et al., 1981)
when testing NHANES specimens. Progress reports containing any problems
encountered during shipping or receipt of specimens, summary statistics for
each control pool, QC graphs, instrument calibration, reagents, and any
special considerations are submitted to NCHS quarterly. The reports are
reviewed for trends or shifts in the data. The laboratories are required to
explain any identified areas of concern.

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

One derived variable was created in this data file. The variable was created
using the following formula:

**LBDTCSI**

The total cholesterol in mg/dL (LBXTC) was converted to mmol/L (LBDTCSI) by
multiplying by 0.02586.

## Analytic Notes

The COVID-19 pandemic required suspension of NHANES 2019-2020 field operations
in March 2020 after data were collected in 18 of the 30 survey locations in
the 2019-2020 sample. Data collection was cancelled for the remaining 12
locations. Because the collected data from 18 locations were not nationally
representative, these data were combined with data from the previous cycle
(2017-2018) to create a 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file. A special
weighting process was applied to the 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data file.
The resulting sample weights in the demographic data file should be used to
calculate estimates from the combined cycles. These sample weights are not
appropriate for independent analyses of the 2019-2020 data and will not yield
nationally representative results for either the 2017-2018 data alone or the
2019-March 2020 data alone. Please refer to the NHANES website for additional
information for the NHANES 2017-March 2020 pre-pandemic data, and for the
previous 2017-2018 public use data file with specific weights for that 2-year
cycle.

Refer to the [2017-2018
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2017)and
[2019-2020
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2019)Laboratory
Data Overview documents for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

There are over 800 laboratory tests performed on NHANES participants. However,
not all participants provided biospecimens or enough volume for all the tests
to be performed. The specimen availability can also vary by age or other
population characteristics. For example, in 2017-March 2020, approximately 76%
of children aged 1-17 years who were examined in the MEC provided a blood
specimen through phlebotomy, while 95% of examined adults age 18 and older
provided a blood specimen.  Analysts should evaluate the extent of missing
data in the dataset related to the outcome of interest as well as any
predictor variables used in the analyses to determine whether additional re-
weighting for item non-response is necessary.

Please refer to the NHANES [Analytic Guidelines
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx)and the on-line
NHANES [Tutorial](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/tutorials/default.aspx) for
further details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

**Total Cholesterol Values from the NHANES 2017 -March 2020 Pre-Pandemic
Sample **

The laboratory that performed total cholesterol assays for NHANES samples from
2017 to March 2020 participated in the CDC Lipid Standardization Program (LSP)
that monitors the quality of laboratory results over time. The LSP requires
comparing assay results to a CDC control pool to assess lab result quality.
Acceptable performance for total cholesterol values is defined as meeting
criteria for maximum allowable bias (within 3% of the CDC reference value) and
maximum allowable standard deviation (within 4.0 mg/dL for values 100-149.9
mg/dL and 3% of the CDC reference value for values above 150 mg/dL). In 2019,
the mean bias reported by the laboratory exceeded the criterion of 3% mean
allowable bias (the maximum quarterly bias was -4.7%). The underlying cause of
the downward drift in assay performance most likely resulted from reagent and
calibration variation. NHANES evaluated whether this amount of drift could
result in a downward shift in the population distribution for 2017-March 2020
estimates of high total cholesterol. The results indicated that there were
minimal differences between prevalence estimates of high total cholesterol
based on the original total cholesterol values and those based on values
adjusted to compensate for the downward bias. For example, the crude
prevalence of high total cholesterol among adults 20 years and older was
10.05% using original lab values versus 10.09% using adjusted values. For
subgroups for sex and age, the crude prevalence estimates did not differ by
more than 0.1 percentage points. Therefore, unadjusted laboratory values for
total cholesterol for 2017-March 2020 were released in the dataset.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The [NHANES 2017-March 2020 Pre-
Pandemic Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&Cycle=2017-2020)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample design variables.
The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and
PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data
file.

The [Fasting Questionnaire File
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/2017-2018/P_FASTQX.htm)includes auxiliary
information, such as fasting status, length of fast, and the time of
venipuncture.

The laboratory data file can be linked to other NHANES data file using the
unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

**Detection Limits**

The detection limits were constant for this analyte in the data set.

The lower limit of detection (LLOD, in mg/dL) for total cholesterol:

**Variable Name** |  **Analyte Description** |  **LLOD**  
---|---|---  
LBXTC |  Serum Total cholesterol (Frozen) |  4  
  
## References

  * Grundy SM, Stone NJ, Bailey AL, Beam C, Birtcher KK, Blumenthal RS, Braun LT, de Ferranti S, Faiella-Tommasino J, Forman DE, Goldberg R, Heidenreich PA, Hlatky MA, Jones DW, Lloyd-Jones D, Lopez-Pajares N, Ndumele CE, Orringer CE, Peralta CA, Saseen JJ, Smith SC Jr, Sperling L, Virani SS, Yeboah J. (2018). AHA/ACC/AACVPR/AAPA/ABC/ACPM/ADA/AGS/APhA/ASPC/NLA/PCNA guideline on the management of blood cholesterol: a report of the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association Task Force on Clinical Practice Guidelines. Circulation. 2019;139:e1082-e1143.
  * Murphy SL, Xu JQ, Kochanek KD, Arias, E. Mortality in the United States, 2017. NCHS Data Brief, no 328. Hyattsville, MD: National Center for Health Statistics. 2018. [https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/databriefs/db328-h.pdf ](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/databriefs/db328-h.pdf)Accessed May, 2019.
  * Westgard J.O., Barry P.L., Hunt M.R., Groth T. A multi-rule Shewhart chart for quality control in clinical chemistry. Clin Chem (1981) 27:493-501.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent Sequence Number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent Sequence Number
English Text:

    Respondent Sequence Number
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXTC - Total Cholesterol (mg/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXTC
SAS Label:

    Total Cholesterol (mg/dL)
English Text:

    Total Cholesterol (mg/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
71 to 446 | Range of Values | 10828 | 10828 |   
. | Missing | 1370 | 12198 |   
  
### LBDTCSI - Total Cholesterol (mmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDTCSI
SAS Label:

    Total Cholesterol (mmol/L)
English Text:

    Total Cholesterol (mmol/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.84 to 11.53 | Range of Values | 10828 | 10828 |   
. | Missing | 1370 | 12198 | 

