ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBXPT21 - Parathyroid Hormone(Elecys method) pg/mL

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2005-2006 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Parathyroid Hormone (PTH_D)

####  Data File: PTH_D.xpt

#####  First Published: January 2008

#####  Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

**Parathyroid Hormone (PTH)**

Evaluation of bone mineral status will utilize an evaluation of vitamin D
status based on two analytes: serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D and parathyroid
hormone (PTH). Vitamin D is essential for active intestinal calcium absorption
and plays a central role in maintaining calcium homeostasis and skeletal
integrity. In addition, vitamin D has recently been linked to other non-
skeletal conditions of public health significance, such as hypertension and
cancer. Vitamin D is derived mainly from cutaneous synthesis in the presence
of ultraviolet sunlight, whereas dietary intake constitutes a minor fraction.
Serum 25(OH D) is the best indicator of vitamin D status. It is converted in
the kidney, stimulated by PTH, to the hormonally active metabolite
1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D [1,25 (OH)2D]. Serum PTH concentration is a very
sensitive indicator of calcium homeostasis and vitamin D deficiency. The
inclusion of this measure to the NHANES laboratory protocol will increase the
usefulness of the vitamin D measurement in evaluating vitamin D status,
particularly as it relates to skeletal status. The inclusion of both of these
markers in the NHANES survey will provide a more complete picture of vitamin D
status.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 6 years and older.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

The Elecsys 1010 analyzer is a fully automatic run-oriented analyzer system
for the determination of immunological tests using the ECL/Origen
electrochemiluminescent process. All components and reagents for routine
analysis are integrated in or on the analyzer. Parathyroid hormone is measured
on the Elecsys 1010 using a sandwich principle.

  * 1st incubation: 50 μl sample, a biotinylated monoclonal PTH-specific antibody and monoclonal PTH-specific antibody labeled with a ruthenium complex form a sandwich complex. 
  * 2nd incubation: After addition of streptavidin-labeled microparticles, the complex produced is bound to the solid phase via biotin-streptavidin interaction. 
  * The reaction mixture is aspirated into the measuring cell where the microparticles are magnetically captured onto the surface of the electrode. Unbound substances are then removed with ProCell. Application of a voltage to the electrode then induces chemiluminescent emission which is measured by a photomultiplier. 
  * Results are determined via a calibration curve. This curve is instrument-specifically generated by a 2-point calibration and a master curve provided via the reagent barcode. 
  * Total duration of assay is 9 minutes on the Elecsys 1010.

Parathyroid hormone (PTH) is an 84 amino acid peptide produced by the
parathyroid gland. Since the PTH molecule undergoes extensive proteolytic
modifications, human serum contains both the intact molecule and several
fragments. The biologically active N-terminal fragment has a half-life of only
a few minutes. The secretory activity of the parathyroid gland can be
determined by the selective measurement of the (mainly) intact parathyroid
hormone. This Elecsys 1010 method is for the in vitro quantitative
determination of intact parathyroid hormone in human serum and plasma.
Together with vitamin D and calcitonin, PTH brings about the mobilization of
calcium and phosphate from the skeletal system and increases the uptake of
calcium in the intestine and the excretion of phosphate via the kidneys.
Secretion of PTH is inhibited by high calcium concentrations and is promoted
by low calcium concentrations. The ratios of intact hormone to peptide
fragments may vary from individual to individual as well as between patients
with hyperparathyroidism or chronic renal failure. The concentration of
metabolically inactive PTH fragments increases in renal failure.

There were no changes to the equipment, lab method, or lab site from the
previous 2 years.

A detailed description of the laboratory method used can be found on the
NHANES website.

## Data Processing and Editing

Blood specimens are processed, stored and shipped to University of Washington,
Seattle, WA. Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are
discussed in the NHANES LPM. Read the LABDOC file for detailed data processing
and editing protocols. The analytical methods are described in the Analytic
methodology section.

There were no derived variables in this file.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing can be found on
the NHANES website.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 2005-2006 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 2005-2006
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain sample weights for these age groups. The
phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such as the conditions
precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and phlebotomy files may
be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique survey participant
identifier SEQN.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBXPT21 - Parathyroid Hormone(Elecys method) pg/mL

Variable Name:

    LBXPT21
SAS Label:

    Parathyroid Hormone(Elecys method) pg/mL
English Text:

    Parathyroid Hormone(Elecys method) pg/mL
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
9 to 491 | Range of Values | 7331 | 7331 |   
6.36 | At or below detection limit fill value | 15 | 7346 |   
. | Missing | 740 | 8086 | 

