### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Method Files
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * LBDHCI - Hepatitis C Antibody (confirmed)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2013-2014 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Hepatitis C: Confirmed Antibody (INNO-LIA) (SSHEPC_H)

####  Data File: SSHEPC_H.xpt

##### First Published: January 2018

##### Last Revised: November 2021

##### Note: In November 2021, the documentation was updated to clarify
language on the eligible sample and data processing. The confirmatory test
(HCV RIBA) for the Hepatitis C screening test was discontinued by the
manufacturer in 2012. A new algorithm and confirmatory test (HCV INNO_LIA), to
confirm Hepatitis C antibody (Anti-HCV) were implemented and validated.

## Component Description

Hepatitis viruses constitute a major public health problem because of the
morbidity and mortality associated with the acute and chronic consequences of
these infections. New immunization strategies have been developed to eliminate
the spread of hepatitis B virus (HBV) and hepatitis A virus (HAV) in the
United States. Recommendations have also been developed for the prevention and
control of hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. Because of the high rate of
asymptomatic infection with these viruses, information about the prevalence of
these diseases is needed to monitor prevention efforts. By testing a
nationally representative sample of the U.S. population, NHANES will provide
the most reliable estimates of age-specific prevalence needed to evaluate the
effectiveness of the strategies to prevent these infections. In addition,
NHANES provides the means to better define the epidemiology of other hepatitis
viruses. NHANES testing for markers of infection with hepatitis viruses will
be used to determine secular trends in infection rates across most age and
racial/ethnic groups, and will provide a national picture of the epidemiologic
determinants of these infections.

In 2013, CDC revised its guidelines for Hepatitis C (HCV) testing because of
following: 1) changes in the availability of certain commercial HCV antibody
tests; 2) evidence that many persons who are identified as reactive by an HCV
antibody test might not subsequently be evaluated to determine if they have
current HCV infection; and 3) there have been significant advances in the
development of antiviral agents with improved efficacy against HCV.1 This new
guidance was adopted beginning in the NHANES 2013-2014 cycle. Among persons
aged 6 years and older who participated in NHANES during the 2013-2014 cycle,
antibody confirmation testing was conducted using a 3rd generation commercial
line immunoassay test for the subset of participants whose serum was found to
be reactive using a hepatitis C virus (HCV) antibody screening procedure,
subsequently found to be negative for HCV RNA, and had stored serum samples
available.

For these reasons, use of 2013 and later data for comparisons or trending with
data from 2012 and earlier is not advised.

The new Hepatitis C algorithm flow chart can be found in the laboratory method
file and/or by following the MMWR link below:

<https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/pdf/wk/mm62e0507a2.pdf>

**_Beginning in the 2017-2018 cycle, the HCV confirmatory antibody test (INNO-
LIA) will be released in the HEPC dataset with HCV RNA and Genotype data._**  

## Eligible Sample

Examined participants aged 6 years and older who participated in the NHANES
2013-2014 cycle were included in this data file.

Participants aged 6 years and older who were examined were eligible for
inclusion for Hepatitis C RNA (HCV-RNA) and Antibody Screen testing (see:
[https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/2013-2014/HEPC_H.htm](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/Nchs/Nhanes/2013-2014/HEPC_H.htm)).
Participants aged 6 years and older who were examined, had available surplus
sera, and with specific laboratory findings based on the prior testing (HCV
antibody screening reactive and HCV RNA negative) were eligible for inclusion
for the Hepatitis C Confirmed Antibody (INNO-LIA) testing.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

**Hepatitis C Confirmed Antibody (INNO-LIA)**

In 2012 and earlier years, the hepatitis C virus testing algorithm began with
an antibody screening test, and antibody screening reactive samples were then
tested with a recombinant/synthetic immunoblot assay as the antibody
confirmation test. Samples with positive antibody confirmation results were
then tested with a nucleic acid amplification test for hepatitis C virus RNA.
HCV-RNA positive samples were then tested with a line probe assay to determine
the virus genotype from six genotypes, and subtype for genotype 1, the most
prevalent genotype in the US. Beginning in 2013, samples reactive to the
antibody screening test were first tested for RNA. Then, all RNA positive
samples were tested for genotype, and only RNA negative samples were tested
with an antibody confirmation test. This change in the testing algorithm was
made to align the NHANES HCV testing algorithm with a 2013 update to CDC's
guidance on testing for HCV infection by clinicians and laboratorians.
Additionally, the antibody confirmation test changed to a 3rd generation line
immunoassay in 2013 because the test used in 2012 and earlier was no longer
commercially available and the stored supply of these test kits had been
exhausted.

For the antibody confirmation test, the manual 16-hour sample incubation test
procedure is used. 10ul of specimens and controls are diluted in 1mL diluent
in test troughs to ensure test strips will slide easily and remain submerged
during incubation. Specimens and controls are incubated with agitation by
rocker at 34 rpm overnight (16±2 hours) at room temperature (18-25°). After a
3X/5min each wash step on microtiter plate shaker, conjugate is added with a
30-minute incubation at room temperature, followed by aspiration, 3X/5min each
wash step and 30-minute incubation in substrate solution also on microtiter
plate shaker. Finally, strips are agitated with stop solution for 10-30
minutes at room temperature. The microtiter plate shaker is set for 160 rpm
and used for all the washes and solution incubations. Strips are then dried
completely in a dry incubator at 37°C for 30 minutes then mounted on the line
immunoassay score data reporting sheet with inverted tape for reading within
one hour using the reading card. The strips have lines for a background
control, three reference lines for antibody (level ±, human IgG, weak
positive; level 1+ human IgG, moderate positive; and level 3+, anti-human Ig,
strong positive), and six lines for HCV antigens (C1, C2, E2, NS3, NS4, and
NS5). Samples with a positive antibody confirmation test result are reported
as positive. Samples with a negative antibody confirmation test result are
reported as negative. Samples with an indeterminate antibody confirmation test
result are released as missing. Only specimens insufficient in quantity are
deemed indeterminate.

There were no changes to the lab equipment or lab site for this component in
the NHANES 2013-2014 cycle. However, the lab method for antibody confirmation
changed from the Chiron RIBA HCV Version 3.0 Strip Immunoblot Assay Kit to the
Fujirebio INNO-LIA HCV Score Assay, and the antibody confirmation now is
applied only to RNA negative test results. CDC revised its guidelines for
Hepatitis C (HCV) testing in 2013. This new algorithm is described in detail
above in the Component Description.

## Laboratory Method Files

[Hepatitis C Confirmed Antibody Laboratory Procedure
Manual](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/labmethods/SSHEPC_H_MET.pdf)
(January 2018)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Serum samples were processed, stored, and shipped to the Division of Viral
Hepatitis, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD, and TB
Prevention, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for
analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the [NHANES Laboratory Procedures Manual
(LPM)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf).
Vials are stored under appropriate frozen (-30°C) conditions until they are
shipped to Division of Viral Hepatitis, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral
Hepatitis, STD, and TB Prevention for testing.

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments mandates. Detailed QA/QC
instructions are discussed in the [NHANES
LPM](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf).

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured competency assessment evaluation during
visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the quality-
control procedures. Each laboratory staff member is observed for equipment
operation, specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures and
constructive feedback are given to each staff member. Formal retraining
sessions are conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were
maintained.

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

Those who tested positive for Hepatitis C Confirmed Antibody were coded in the
variable LBDHCI as 1 (Positive). Those who tested negative for Hepatitis C
Confirmed Antibody were coded in the variable LBDHCI as 2 (Negative). Those
who were not tested due to prior negative screening HCV antibody were coded in
the variable LBDHCI as 3 (Negative Screening HCV Antibody). Those who were not
tested due to prior positive HCV RNA were coded in the variable LBDHCI as 4
(Positive HCV RNA). All other examined participants aged 6 years and older
were coded in the variable LBDHCI as missing.

## Analytic Notes

Refer to the [2013-2014 Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2013)
for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted using the appropriate
survey design and demographic variables. The [2013-2014 Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&CycleBeginYear=2013)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample design variables.
The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of stratum and
PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data
file.

This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

**Detection Limits**

This data is qualitative. The use of lower limits of detection (LLODs) is not
applicable.  
Exam sample weights should be used for analyses. Please refer to the [NHANES
Analytic Guidelines](
https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the on-line
[NHANES Tutorial]( https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/) for further details on
the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.  

## References

  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Recommendations for prevention and control of hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection and HCV-related chronic disease. MMWR 1998;47(No. RR-19):1-39. <https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/PDF/RR/RR4719.pdf>
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Recommendations for the identification of chronic hepatitis C virus infection among persons born during 1945-1965. MMWR. 2012;61(RR-4):1-32. <http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/pdf/rr/rr6104.pdf>
  * Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Testing for HCV Infection: An Update of Guidance for Clinicians and Laboratorians. MMWR. 2013; 62 Early Release:1-4. <https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/pdf/wk/mm62e0507a2.pdf>
  * Moyer VA. Screening for Hepatitis C Virus Infection in Adults: U.S. Preventive Services Task Force Recommendation Statement. Annals of Internal Medicine. 2013;159(5):349-357. <https://www.uspreventiveservicestaskforce.org/Page/Document/UpdateSummaryFinal/hepatitis-c-screening>
  * World Health Organization. Prequalification of In Vitro Diagnostics Public Report: INNO-LIA HCV Score. PPQDx 0202-073-00. July 24, 2015. <http://www.who.int/diagnostics_laboratory/evaluations/150729_final_report_0202_073_00_hcv.pdf>

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### LBDHCI - Hepatitis C Antibody (confirmed)

Variable Name:

    LBDHCI
SAS Label:

    Hepatitis C Antibody (confirmed)
English Text:

    Hepatitis C Antibody (confirmed)
Target:

     Both males and females 6 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 36 | 36 |   
2 | Negative | 25 | 61 |   
3 | Negative Screening HCV Antibody | 7490 | 7551 |   
4 | Positive HCV RNA | 67 | 7618 |   
. | Missing | 673 | 8291 | 

