ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * [Component Description](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7617&Dataset=SSKL_I#Component_Description)
  * [Eligible Sample](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7617&Dataset=SSKL_I#Eligible_Sample)
  * [Description of Laboratory Methodology](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7617&Dataset=SSKL_I#Description_of_Laboratory_Methodology)
  * [Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7617&Dataset=SSKL_I#Laboratory_Quality_Assurance_and_Monitoring)
  * [Analytic Notes](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7617&Dataset=SSKL_I#Analytic_Notes)
  * [References](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7617&Dataset=SSKL_I#References)
  * [Codebook](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7617&Dataset=SSKL_I#Codebook)
    * [SEQN \- Respondent sequence number](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7617&Dataset=SSKL_I#SEQN)
    * [SSKLOTH \- Klotho (pg/ml)](http://dspp-hane-1601/Nchs/Edit/DocumentationView.aspx?Id=7617&Dataset=SSKL_I#SSKLOTH)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2015-2016 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Klotho - Serum (Surplus) (SSKL_I)

####  Data File: SSKL_I.xpt

##### First Published: April 2021

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

Soluble alpha-Klotho is a pleiotropic protein that act as a paracrine and
endocrine hormonal factor in multiple organs. Decreased alpha-Klotho levels
have been associated with early aging symptoms in animal models of aging.
Determination of Klotho concentrations was performed on frozen NHANES
2015-2016 samples that were received and tested during the period 2019-2020.
Analyses were performed by a commercially available ELISA kit produced by IBL
International, Japan.

## Eligible Sample

Available pristine serum samples from 40-79 year old participants in NHANES
2015-2016 cycles, who gave consent for their samples to be used in future
research, were analyzed with the IBL ELISA method.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

The Northwest Lipid Metabolism and Diabetes Research Laboratories, Division of
Metabolism, Endocrinology, and Nutrition, University of Washington, performed
analyses on all but four fresh-frozen (pristine) samples received from the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.

Prior to the start of the study, an extensive validation of the IBL ELISA
method for measurement of Klotho concentration in human samples was performed
and the results of the Validation provided to the study investigators.

In summary, 1) the assay standard curves and the relative signals of the
calibrator concentrations were consistently within the criteria specified by
the manufacturer, 2) the obtained assay sensitivity was calculated to be 4.33
pg/mL while the manufacturer claimed sensitivity was 6.15 pg/mL, 3) two
samples with very high and high Klotho concentrations were used at different
dilution to evaluate the assay linearity. Plots of the expected vs. the
obtained values, demonstrated an excellent linearity in the assay measurement
range (R2 = 0.998 and 0.997, respectively), 4) the intra-assay precision
obtained on two recombinant Klotho samples and two human samples exhibited a
coefficient of variation of 3.2% and 3.9% for the recombinant and 2.3% and
3.3% for the human samples, 5) The same samples analyzed in duplicate over 4
different days, showed an inter-assay CV of 2.8% and 3.5% for the recombinant
samples and 3.8% and 3.4% for the human samples, 5) the reference ranges were
evaluated in 114 samples from apparently healthy donors and the alpha-Klotho
levels ranged from 285.8 to 1638.6 pg/mL with a mean of 698.0 pg/mL.

All sample analyses were performed in duplicate according to the
manufacturerâs protocol and all the results were checked to meet the
laboratoryâs standardized criteria for acceptability prior to being released
for reporting.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Samples were received on dry ice and each package was inspected by the
laboratoryâs receiving area personnel. Samples were scanned, data compared
with those on the received electronic manifest and entered into the laboratory
information system. All samples were stored at -80â¦C until predefined
batches of samples were daily provided to the technicians for analyses.

Samples were analyzed in duplicate and the average of the two values used to
calculate the final value. Two quality control samples with low and high
concentration of Klotho were also analyzed in duplicate in each ELISA plate.
Results of analyses were automatically transmitted from the instrument to the
laboratory Oracle Management System and results evaluated by the area
supervisor. Samples with duplicate results exceeding 10% were flagged for
analyses to be repeated. If the value of a quality control sample was not
within the 2SD of the assigned value, the entire analytical run was rejected,
and sample analyses repeated.

## Analytic Notes

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES 2015-2016 laboratory data must be conducted using the
appropriate survey design and demographic variables. The NHANES Demographic
Files contain demographic data, health indicators, and other related
information collected during household interviews as well as the sample design
variables. The recommended procedure for variance estimation requires use of
stratum and PSU variables (SDMVSTRA and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the
demographic data file.

**Detection Limits**

The assay sensitivity was 6 pg/mL. There are no Klotho specific cut-points to
be used as indicators of biological age. The reference ranges evaluated in 114
samples from apparently healthy donors indicated the alpha-Klotho levels
ranged from 285.8 to 1638.6 pg/mL with a mean of 698.0 pg/mL.

Exam sample weights should be used for analyses. Please refer to the NHANES
[Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line NHANES [Tutorial](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/) for further
details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

## References

  * Drew et al. Association between soluble Klotho and change in kidney function: The healthy aging and body composition study. J Am Soc Nephrol 2017; 28: 1959-1966
  * Yamazaki Y et al. Establishment of a sandwich ELISA for soluble alpha-Klotho measurements: Age-dependent change of soluble alpha-Klotho levels in healthy subjects. Biochem Biophys Res Comm.2017; 398:513-518

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 40 YEARS - 79 YEARS

### SSKLOTH - Klotho (pg/ml)

Variable Name:

    SSKLOTH
SAS Label:

    Klotho (pg/ml)
English Text:

    Klotho (pg/ml)
Target:

     Both males and females 40 YEARS - 79 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
153.8 to 5038.3 | Range of Values | 2637 | 2637 |   
. | Missing | 0 | 2637 | 

