### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * SSATG - Thyroglobulin antibody
    * SST3F - Free T3
    * SST4F - Free T4
    * SSTGN - Thyroglobulin
    * SSTPO - Thyroperoxidase antibody
    * SSTSH1 - Thyroid stimulating hormone
    * SSTT3 - Total T3
    * SSTT4 - Total T4

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2001-2002 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Thyroid Profile (Surplus) (SSNH4THY)

####  Data File: SSNH4THY.xpt

##### First Published: February 2010

##### Last Revised: April 2022

##### Note: The NHANES Biospecimen Program processes were reevaluated in 2021
and 2022 to monitor quality control after a procedural error was identified.
This error did not pose any risk of participant disclosure. Addressing this
error resulted in the removal of some records from various stored biospecimen
data files between 1999 and 2018 that did not meet program standards. After a
comprehensive review of all stored specimen datasets, this data file was
modified to remove records (<5% of records) that were initially included in
error. No data values were altered. The sample weights and overall estimates
were compared between the original and revised files. The sample weights
provided with the original data release are appropriate to use with this
updated data file; therefore, no new survey weights were created. The overall
estimates from these files were examined and are consistent with the previous
file. However, not all possible analyses were performed. For any queries
related to this dataset please email the Biospecimen Program at
serumplasmaurine@cdc.gov.

## Component Description

The Thyroid Profile consists of a battery of several tests for the measurement
of thyroid function, including Total and Free Thyroxine, Total and Free
Triiodothyronine, Thyroglobulin, Thyroglobulin Antibodies, Thyroid Peroxidase
Antibodies, and Thyroid Stimulating Hormone. Thyroid function is crucial for
maintaining normal metabolic function in adults and for proper neurological
development of the fetus. Serum levels will be used to assess thyroid function
and will provide population-based reference information on these hormone
levels

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 12 years and older, who do not meet any of the exclusion
criteria, are eligible.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

Thyroid blood specimens were processed, stored and shipped to University of
Washington, Seattle, WA. Detailed specimen collection and processing
instructions are discussed in the NHANES Laboratory/Medical Technologists
Procedures Manual (LPM).

**Thyroid-stimulating hormone**

The Access HYPERsensitive human thyroid-stimulating hormone (hTSH) assay is a
3rd generation, two-site immunoenzymatic (“sandwich”) assay. A sample is
added to a reaction vessel with goat anti-hTSH-alkaline phosphatase conjugate,
buffered protein solution, and paramagnetic particles coated with immobilized
mouse monoclonal anti-hTSH antibody. (Goat anti-mouse antibody is used to
immobilize the mouse anti-hTSH antibody.) The hTSH binds to the immobilized
monoclonal anti-hTSH on the solid phase while the goat anti-hTSH-alkaline
phosphatase conjugate reacts with a different antigenic site on the hTSH.
After incubation in a reaction vessel, materials bound to the solid phase are
held in a magnetic field while unbound materials are washed away. Then, the
chemiluminescent substrate Lumi-Phos™ 530 is added to the vessel and light
generated by the reaction is measured with a luminometer. The light production
is directly proportional to the concentration of human thyroid-stimulating
hormone in the sample. The amount of analyte in the sample is determined from
a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

Human TSH is one of several glycoprotein hormones consisting of two non-
covalently bound peptide chains: an a-chain, which is nearly identical in all,
and a ß-chain, which is responsible for immunological and biological
specificity. These similarities result in varying degrees of cross-reactivity
of different antisera. The Access HYPERsensitive hTSH assay has virtually no
cross-reactivity with other peptide hormones. The sensitivity and specificity
of this test enable better discrimination between hyperthyroid and euthyroid
patients.

**Total T3 assay**

The Access Total T3 assay is a competitive binding immunoenzymatic assay.
Sample is added to a reaction vessel with a stripping agent to dissociate T3
from the binding proteins. T3 in the sample competes with the T3 analogue
coupled to biotin for anti-T3 alkaline phosphatase conjugate. Of the resulting
antigen/antibody complexes, the T3 analogue/antibody complexes are bound to
the streptavidin coated solid phase. Separation in a magnetic field and
washing removes the sample T3/antibody complexes and other materials not bound
to the solid phase. Then, the chemiluminescent substrate Lumi-Phos™ 530 is
added to the vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured with a
luminometer. The light production is inversely proportional to the
concentration of total T3 in the sample. The amount of analyte in the sample
is determined from a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

**Free T3 assay**

Access Free T3 assay is a competitive binding immunoenzymatic assay. A sample
is added to a reaction vessel with an anti-T3 monoclonal antibody conjugated
to alkaline phosphatase. During the incubation, free T3 in the sample reacts
with the anti-T3 antibody. Particles coated with streptavidin and biotinylated
T3 analog are then added to the mixture. Unoccupied binding sites on the
anti-T3 antibody are bridged to the particle through the T3 analog. After
incubation in a reaction vessel, materials bound to the solid phase are held
in a magnetic field while unbound materials are washed away. Then, the
chemiluminescent substrate Lumi-Phos™ 530 is added to the vessel and light
generated by the reaction is measured with a luminometer. The light production
is inversely proportional to the concentration of free T3 in the sample. The
amount of analyte in the sample is determined from a stored, multi-point
calibration curve.

**Total T4 assay**

The Access Total T4 assay is a competitive binding immunoenzymatic assay. A
sample is added to a reaction vessel with anti-thyroxine antibody, thyroxine-
alkaline phosphatase conjugate, and paramagnetic particles coated with goat
anti-mouse capture antibody and a stripping agent to dissociate all T4 from
binding proteins. Thyroxine in the sample competes with the thyroxine-alkaline
phosphatase conjugate for binding sites on a limited amount of specific anti-
thyroxine antibody. Resulting antigen: antibody complexes bind to the capture
antibody on the solid phase. After incubation in a reaction vessel, materials
bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound materials
are washed away. Then, the chemiluminescent substrate Lumi-Phos™ 530 is
added to the vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured with a
luminometer. The light production is inversely proportional to the
concentration of thyroxine in the sample. The amount of analyte in the sample
is determined from a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

**Free T4 assay**

The Access Free T4 (FRT4) assay is a two-step enzyme immunoassay. Monoclonal
anti-Thyroxine (T4) antibody coupled to biotin, sample, buffered protein
solution, and streptavidin-coated solid phase are added to the reaction
vessel. During this first incubation, the anti-T4 antibody coupled to biotin
binds to the solid phase and the free T4 in the sample. After incubation in a
reaction vessel, materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic
field while unbound materials are washed away. Next, buffered protein solution
and triiodothyronine (T3)-alkaline phosphatase conjugate are added to the
reaction vessel. The T3-alkaline phosphatase conjugate binds to the vacant
anti-T4 antibody binding sites. After incubation in a reaction vessel,
materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound
materials are washed away. Then, the chemiluminescent substrate Lumi-Phos™
530 is added to the vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured
with a luminometer. The light production is inversely proportional to the
concentration of free T4 in the sample. The amount of analyte in the sample is
determined from a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

**Thyroglobulin (Tg) assay**

The Access thyroglobulin (Tg) assay is a simultaneous one-step "sandwich"
assay. A sample is added to a reaction vessel, along with biotinylated mixture
of four monoclonal anti-Tg antibodies, streptavidin coated paramagnetic
particles, and monoclonal anti-Tg antibody alkaline phosphatase conjugate. The
biotinylated antibodies and the serum or plasma thyroglobulin bind to the
solid phase, while the conjugate antibody reacts with a different antigenic
site on the thyroglobulin molecule. After incubation in a reaction vessel,
materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound
materials are washed away. A chemiluminescent substrate, Lumi-Phos** 530 is
added to the reaction vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured
with a luminometer. The light production is directly proportional to the
concentration of thyroglobulin in the sample. The amount of Thyroglobulin in
the sample is determined by means of a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

**Thyroglobulin antibody assay (TgAb)**

The Access thyroglobulin antibody assay is a sequential two-step
immunoenzymatic "sandwich" assay. A sample is added to a reaction vessel with
paramagnetic particles coated with the thyroglobulin protein. After
incubation, materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field
while unbound materials are washed away. The thyroglobulin-alkaline
phosphatase conjugate is added and binds to the TgAb. After a second
incubation, the reaction vessel is washed to remove unbound materials. A
chemiluminescent substrate, Lumi-Phos™ 530 is added to the reaction vessel
and light generated by the reaction is measured with a luminometer. The light
production is proportional to the concentration of Thyroglobulin antibody in
the sample. The amount of Thyroglobulin antibody in the sample is determined
by means of a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

**Thyroid peroxidase antibody**

The Access TPO antibody (TPOAb) assay is a sequential two-step immunoenzymatic
"sandwich" assay. A sample is added to a reaction vessel with paramagnetic
particles coated with the thyroid peroxidase protein. After an incubation,
materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound
materials are washed away. The protein A-alkaline phosphatase conjugate is
added and binds to the TPOAb. After a second incubation, the reaction vessel
is washed to remove unbound materials. A chemiluminescent substrate, Lumi-
Phos™ 530 is added to the reaction vessel and light generated by the
reaction is measured with a luminometer. The light production is proportional
to the concentration of TPO antibody in the sample. The amount of TPOAb in the
sample is determined by means of a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

## Data Processing and Editing

Read the _General Documentation on Laboratory Data_ file for detailed data
processing and editing protocols. The analytical methods are described in the
**Description of the Laboratory Methodology** section.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments mandates. Detailed quality
control and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES LPM.
Read the _General Documentation on Laboratory Data_ file for detailed QA/QC
protocols.

A detailed description of the quality assurance and quality control procedures
can be found on the NHANES website.

## Analytic Notes

The analysis of NHANES 2001–2002 laboratory data must be conducted with the
key survey design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES 2001–2002
Household Questionnaire Data Files contain demographic data, health
indicators, and other related information collected during household
interviews. They also contain all survey design variables and sample weights
for these age groups. The phlebotomy file includes auxiliary information such
as the conditions precluding venipuncture. The household questionnaire and
phlebotomy files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier SEQN.

Exam sample weights should be used for analyses. Please refer to the Analytic
Guidelines for further details on the use of sample weights and other analytic
issues. The Analytic Guidelines are available on the NHANES website.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### SSATG - Thyroglobulin antibody

Variable Name:

    SSATG
SAS Label:

    Thyroglobulin antibody
English Text:

    Thyroglobulin antibody
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.6 to 1930.6 | Range of Values | 2004 | 2004 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 2010 |   
  
### SST3F - Free T3

Variable Name:

    SST3F
SAS Label:

    Free T3
English Text:

    Free T3
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.6 to 21.8 | Range of Values | 2009 | 2009 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 2010 |   
  
### SST4F - Free T4

Variable Name:

    SST4F
SAS Label:

    Free T4
English Text:

    Free T4
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.1 to 4.8 | Range of Values | 2009 | 2009 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 2010 |   
  
### SSTGN - Thyroglobulin

Variable Name:

    SSTGN
SAS Label:

    Thyroglobulin
English Text:

    Thyroglobulin
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.07 to 828.94 | Range of Values | 2009 | 2009 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 2010 |   
  
### SSTPO - Thyroperoxidase antibody

Variable Name:

    SSTPO
SAS Label:

    Thyroperoxidase antibody
English Text:

    Thyroperoxidase antibody
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.1 to 964.2 | Range of Values | 1993 | 1993 |   
. | Missing | 17 | 2010 |   
  
### SSTSH1 - Thyroid stimulating hormone

Variable Name:

    SSTSH1
SAS Label:

    Thyroid stimulating hormone
English Text:

    Thyroid stimulating hormone
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.002 to 350.517 | Range of Values | 2004 | 2004 |   
. | Missing | 6 | 2010 |   
  
### SSTT3 - Total T3

Variable Name:

    SSTT3
SAS Label:

    Total T3
English Text:

    Total T3
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
30 to 514 | Range of Values | 2009 | 2009 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 2010 |   
  
### SSTT4 - Total T4

Variable Name:

    SSTT4
SAS Label:

    Total T4
English Text:

    Total T4
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.5 to 24.7 | Range of Values | 2009 | 2009 |   
. | Missing | 1 | 2010 | 

