ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * Codebook

    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * WTSA2YR - Subsample A weights
    * LBXT3F - Triiodothyronine (T3), free (pg/mL)
    * LBXT4F - Thyroxine, free (ng/dL)
    * LBDT4FSI - Thyroxine, free (pmol/L) 
    * LBXTGN - Thyroglobulin (ng/mL)
    * LBDTGNSI - Thyroglobulin (ug/L)
    * LBXATG - Thyroglobulin antibodies (IU/mL)
    * LBXTSH1 - Thyroid stimulating hormone (uIU/mL)
    * LBDTSH1S - Thyroid stimulating hormone (mIU/L)
    * LBXTPO - Thyroid perioxidase antibodies (IU/mL)
    * LBXTT3 - Triiodothyronine (T3), total (ng/dL)
    * LBDTT3SI - Triiodothyronine (T3), total (nmol/L)
    * LBXTT4 - Thyroxine, total (T4) (ug/dL)

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2011-2012 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Thyroid Profile (THYROD_G)

####  Data File: THYROD_G.xpt

#####  First Published: January 2014

#####  Last Revised: October 2014

#####  Note: Throglobulin Antibody data was added to the file. See Analytic
Notes on Thyroglobulin Antibody and Total Thyroxine.

## Component Description

The Thyroid Profile consists of a battery of several tests for the measurement
of thyroid function, including Total and Free Thyroxine, Total and Free
Triiodothyronine, Thyroglobulin, Thyroglobulin Antibodies, Thyroid Peroxidase
Antibodies, and Thyroid Stimulating Hormone. Thyroid function is crucial for
maintaining normal metabolic function in adults and for proper neurological
development of the fetus. Serum levels will be used to assess thyroid function
and will provide population-based reference information on these hormone
levels.

## Eligible Sample

Examined participants aged 12 years and older from a one-third sample.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

Thyroid blood specimens were processed, stored and shipped to Collaborative
Laboratory Services, Ottumwa, Iowa. Detailed specimen collection and
processing instructions are discussed in the NHANES [Laboratory Procedures
Manual
(LPM)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2011-2012/manuals/2011-12_laboratory_procedures_manual.pdf).

**Thyroid-stimulating hormone**

The Access HYPERsensitive human thyroid-stimulating hormone (hTSH) assay is a
3rd generation, two-site immunoenzymatic ("sandwich") assay. A sample is added
to a reaction vessel with goat anti-hTSH-alkaline phosphatase conjugate,
buffered protein solution, and paramagnetic particles coated with immobilized
mouse monoclonal anti-hTSH antibody. (Goat anti-mouse antibody is used to
immobilize the mouse anti-hTSH antibody.) The hTSH binds to the immobilized
monoclonal anti-hTSH on the solid phase while the goat anti-hTSH-alkaline
phosphatase conjugate reacts with a different antigenic site on the hTSH.
After incubation in a reaction vessel, materials bound to the solid phase are
held in a magnetic field while unbound materials are washed away. Then, the
chemiluminescent substrate Lumi-Phos™ 530 is added to the vessel and light
generated by the reaction is measured with a luminometer. The light production
is directly proportional to the concentration of human thyroid-stimulating
hormone in the sample. The amount of analyte in the sample is determined from
a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

Human TSH is one of several glycoprotein hormones consisting of two non-
covalently bound peptide chains: an a-chain, which is nearly identical in all,
and a ß-chain, which is responsible for immunological and biological
specificity. These similarities result in varying degrees of cross-reactivity
of different antisera. The Access HYPERsensitive hTSH assay has virtually no
cross-reactivity with other peptide hormones. The sensitivity and specificity
of this test enable better discrimination between hyperthyroid and euthyroid
patients.

Refer to NHANES 2011-2012 [Lab Methods for Thyroid Stimulating Hormone
(TSH)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2011-2012/labmethods/thyrod_g_met_tsh.pdf)
for detailed description of the laboratory method used.

**Total T3 assay**

The Access Total T3 assay is a competitive binding immunoenzymatic assay.
Sample is added to a reaction vessel with a stripping agent to dissociate T3
from the binding proteins. T3 in the sample competes with the T3 analogue
coupled to biotin for anti-T3 alkaline phosphatase conjugate. Of the resulting
antigen/antibody complexes, the T3 analogue/antibody complexes are bound to
the streptavidin coated solid phase. Separation in a magnetic field and
washing removes the sample T3/antibody complexes and other materials not bound
to the solid phase. Then, the chemiluminescent substrate Lumi-Phos™ 530 is
added to the vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured with a
luminometer. The light production is inversely proportional to the
concentration of total T3 in the sample. The amount of analyte in the sample
is determined from a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

Refer to NHANES 2011-2012 [Lab Methods for Total Triiodothyronine, Total
T3](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2011-2012/labmethods/thyrod_g_met_tt3.pdf)
for detailed description of the laboratory method used.

**Free T3 assay**

Access Free T3 assay is a competitive binding immunoenzymatic assay. A sample
is added to a reaction vessel with an anti-T3 monoclonal antibody conjugated
to alkaline phosphatase. During the incubation, free T3 in the sample reacts
with the anti-T3 antibody. Particles coated with streptavidin and biotinylated
T3 analog are then added to the mixture. Unoccupied binding sites on the
anti-T3 antibody are bridged to the particle through the T3 analog. After
incubation in a reaction vessel, materials bound to the solid phase are held
in a magnetic field while unbound materials are washed away. Then, the
chemiluminescent substrate Lumi-Phos™ 530 is added to the vessel and light
generated by the reaction is measured with a luminometer. The light production
is inversely proportional to the concentration of free T3 in the sample. The
amount of analyte in the sample is determined from a stored, multi-point
calibration curve.

Refer to NHANES 2011-2012 [Lab Methods for Free Triiodothyronine, Free
T3](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2011-2012/labmethods/thyrod_g_met_free_t3.pdf)
for detailed description of the laboratory method used.

**Total T4 assay**

The Access Total T4 assay is a competitive binding immunoenzymatic assay. A
sample is added to a reaction vessel with anti-thyroxine antibody, thyroxine-
alkaline phosphatase conjugate, and paramagnetic particles coated with goat
anti-mouse capture antibody and a stripping agent to dissociate all T4 from
binding proteins. Thyroxine in the sample competes with the thyroxine-alkaline
phosphatase conjugate for binding sites on a limited amount of specific anti-
thyroxine antibody. Resulting antigen: antibody complexes bind to the capture
antibody on the solid phase. After incubation in a reaction vessel, materials
bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound materials
are washed away. Then, the chemiluminescent substrate Lumi-Phos™ 530 is added
to the vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured with a
luminometer. The light production is inversely proportional to the
concentration of thyroxine in the sample. The amount of analyte in the sample
is determined from a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

Refer to NHANES 2011-2012 [Lab Methods for Total Thyroxine, Total
T4](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2011-2012/labmethods/thyrod_g_met_tt4.pdf)
for detailed description of the laboratory method used.

**Free T4 assay**

The Access Free T4 (FRT4) assay is a two-step enzyme immunoassay. Monoclonal
anti-Thyroxine (T4) antibody coupled to biotin, sample, buffered protein
solution, and streptavidin-coated solid phase are added to the reaction
vessel. During this first incubation, the anti-T4 antibody coupled to biotin
binds to the solid phase and the free T4 in the sample. After incubation in a
reaction vessel, materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic
field while unbound materials are washed away. Next, buffered protein solution
and triiodothyronine (T3)-alkaline phosphatase conjugate are added to the
reaction vessel. The T3-alkaline phosphatase conjugate binds to the vacant
anti-T4 antibody binding sites. After incubation in a reaction vessel,
materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound
materials are washed away. Then, the chemiluminescent substrate Lumi-Phos™ 530
is added to the vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured with a
luminometer. The light production is inversely proportional to the
concentration of free T4 in the sample. The amount of analyte in the sample is
determined from a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

Refer to NHANES 2011-2012 [Lab Methods for Free Thyroxine (Free
T4)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2011-2012/labmethods/thyrod_g_met_free_t4.pdf)
for detailed description of the laboratory method used.

**Thyroglobulin (Tg) assay**

The Access thyroglobulin (Tg) assay is a simultaneous one-step "sandwich"
assay. A sample is added to a reaction vessel, along with biotinylated mixture
of four monoclonal anti-Tg antibodies, streptavidin coated paramagnetic
particles, and monoclonal anti-Tg antibody alkaline phosphatase conjugate. The
biotinylated antibodies and the serum or plasma thyroglobulin bind to the
solid phase, while the conjugate antibody reacts with a different antigenic
site on the thyroglobulin molecule. After incubation in a reaction vessel,
materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound
materials are washed away. A chemiluminescent substrate, Lumi-Phos** 530 is
added to the reaction vessel and light generated by the reaction is measured
with a luminometer. The light production is directly proportional to the
concentration of thyroglobulin in the sample. The amount of Thyroglobulin in
the sample is determined by means of a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

Refer to NHANES 2011-2012 [Lab Methods for Thyroglobulin,
(TGN)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2011-2012/labmethods/thyrod_g_met_thyroglobin.pdf)
for detailed description of the laboratory method used.

**Thyroglobulin antibody assay (TgAb)**

The Access thyroglobulin antibody assay is a sequential two-step
immunoenzymatic "sandwich" assay. A sample is added to a reaction vessel with
paramagnetic particles coated with the thyroglobulin protein. After
incubation, materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field
while unbound materials are washed away. The thyroglobulin-alkaline
phosphatase conjugate is added and binds to the TgAb. After a second
incubation, the reaction vessel is washed to remove unbound materials. A
chemiluminescent substrate, Lumi-Phos™ 530 is added to the reaction vessel and
light generated by the reaction is measured with a luminometer. The light
production is proportional to the concentration of Thyroglobulin antibody in
the sample. The amount of Thyroglobulin antibody in the sample is determined
by means of a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

Refer to NHANES 2011-2012 [Lab Methods for Thyroglobulin
Antibodies](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2011-2012/labmethods/thyrod_g_met_thyroglobulin_antibodies.pdf)
for detailed description of the laboratory method used.

**Thyroid peroxidase antibody**

The Access TPO antibody (TPOAb) assay is a sequential two-step immunoenzymatic
"sandwich" assay. A sample is added to a reaction vessel with paramagnetic
particles coated with the thyroid peroxidase protein. After an incubation,
materials bound to the solid phase are held in a magnetic field while unbound
materials are washed away. The protein A-alkaline phosphatase conjugate is
added and binds to the TPOAb. After a second incubation, the reaction vessel
is washed to remove unbound materials. A chemiluminescent substrate, Lumi-
Phos™ 530 is added to the reaction vessel and light generated by the reaction
is measured with a luminometer. The light production is proportional to the
concentration of TPO antibody in the sample. The amount of TPOAb in the sample
is determined by means of a stored, multi-point calibration curve.

Refer to NHANES 2011-2012 [Lab Methods for Thyroid Peroxidase
Antibodies](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2011-2012/labmethods/thyrod_g_met_thyroid_peroxidase_antibodies.pdf)
for detailed description of the laboratory method used.

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

The NHANES quality control and quality assurance protocols (QA/QC) meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed quality control
and quality assurance instructions are discussed in the NHANES [Laboratory
Procedures Manual
(LPM)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2011-2012/manuals/2011-12_laboratory_procedures_manual.pdf).

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

Four variables in this data file were created. The formula for their creation
is as follows:

  * Free thyroxine results in ng/dL (LBXT4F) were multiplied by 12.9 and converted into pmol/L as LBDT4FSI. 
  * Thyroglobin results in ng/mL (LBXTGN) were multiplied by 1.0 and converted into µg/L as LBDTGNSI. 
  * Thyroid stimulating hormone results in µIU/mL (LBXTSH1) were multiplied by 1.0 and converted into mIU/L as LBDTSH1S. 
  * Total triiodothyronine results in ng/dL (LBXTT3) were multiplied by .0154 and converted into nmol/L as LBDTT3SI. 

## Analytic Notes

**2011-2012 Thyroglobulin Antibody:**

The Beckman Coulter Access Thyroglobulin Antibody (TgAb) II assay was
reformulated in January 2012 to correct for lot-to-lot variability by adding
an additional buffer to the reagents (Beckman Coulter B14000A memo). Forty six
specimens using the previous TgAb kit were re-analyzed using the reformulated
TgAb kit. Deming regression (y=reformulated kit, x=old kit) was performed and
a non-significant slope of 0.96 and a significant intercept of -0.54 IU/mL was
obtained. The Pearson correlation coefficient was 0.998. A comparison of
participant TgAb values analyzed with the old kit (n=1419) and with the
reformulated kit (n=6144) at a cut-point of 4.0 IU/mL showed the following:

Kit         Negative (<4.0)         Positive (>=4.0)  
Old                 93.2%                     6.84%  
Reformulated   92.7%                     7.32%

The Chi-Square was not significant (p=.52) indicating the proportion of
positive TgAb results for the old and reformulated kits were not statistically
different.

Hence, no correction was necessary to adjust TgAb values during 2011-2012**.**

**2011-2012 Total Thyroxine:**

In 2009-2010, there was a change in laboratories performing the total
thyroxine (TT4). The TT4 was performed at the University of Washington Medical
Center, Department of Laboratory Medicine in 2009 and the TT4 was performed at
the Collaborative Laboratory Services (CLS) in 2010. Both laboratories used a
competitive binding immunoenzymatic assay on the Beckman Coulter Access 2
analyzer. A crossover study of 113 specimens was performed between the two
laboratories and the CLS laboratory values had a higher mean and median
compared to the University of Washington by approximately 5%. This was also
seen in the sample participants when comparing 2009 and 2010 TT4
distributions. The difference in TT4 results may have been due to different
lots of calibrators and reagents. Using a fractional polynomial regression,
the 2010 TT4 participant results were lowered to compare to the 2009 TT4
results. The fractional polynomial regression was:

TT4 (modified) = 4.067036 + 5.492497*((TT4/10.0)**3) -
5.673583*((TT4/10.0)**3)*log(TT4/10.0)

Researchers may want to use this regression equation to trend 2011-2012 TT4
data with TT4 data of previous NHANES cycles.

**NHANES survey analysis:**

Refer to the 2011-2012 [Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2011)
for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

The analysis of NHANES 2011-2012 laboratory data must be conducted using the
appropriate survey design and demographic variables. The [NHANES 2011-2012
Demographics
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/search/datapage.aspx?Component=Demographics&CycleBeginYear=2011)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample weight variables.
The [Fasting Questionnaire
File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/2011-2012/fastqx_g.htm) includes
auxiliary information such as fasting status, the time of venipuncture, and
the conditions precluding venipuncture. The demographics and fasting
questionnaire files may be linked to the laboratory data file using the unique
survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

**Subsample Weights  
**  
Measures of thyroid profile were assessed in a one third subsample of
participants aged 12 years and older. Special sample weights are required to
analyze these data properly. Specific sample weights for this subsample are
included in this data file and should be used when analyzing these data.

**Variance Estimation**  
  
The analysis of NHANES laboratory data must be conducted with the key survey
design and basic demographic variables. The NHANES Demographic Data File
contains demographic and sample design variables. The recommended procedure
for variance estimation requires use of stratum and PSU variables (SDMVSTRA
and SDMVPSU, respectively) in the demographic data file.

**Links to NHANES Data Files**  
  
This laboratory data file can be linked to the other NHANES data files using
the unique survey participant identifier SEQN.  
  
Please refer to the NHANES [Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line NHANES [Tutorial](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/)  for further
details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS

### WTSA2YR - Subsample A weights

Variable Name:

    WTSA2YR
SAS Label:

    Subsample A weights
English Text:

    Subsample A weights
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
12199.652219 to 643202.3505 | Range of Values | 2144 | 2144 |   
. | Missing | 33 | 2177 |   
  
### LBXT3F - Triiodothyronine (T3), free (pg/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXT3F
SAS Label:

    Triiodothyronine (T3), free (pg/mL)
English Text:

    Triiodothyronine (T3), free (pg/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1.73 to 10.37 | Range of Values | 1965 | 1965 |   
. | Missing | 212 | 2177 |   
  
### LBXT4F - Thyroxine, free (ng/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXT4F
SAS Label:

    Thyroxine, free (ng/dL)
English Text:

    Thyroxine, free (ng/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.43 to 2.76 | Range of Values | 1970 | 1970 |   
. | Missing | 207 | 2177 |   
  
### LBDT4FSI - Thyroxine, free (pmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDT4FSI
SAS Label:

    Thyroxine, free (pmol/L) 
English Text:

    Thyroxine, free (pmol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
5.5 to 35.6 | Range of Values | 1970 | 1970 |   
. | Missing | 207 | 2177 |   
  
### LBXTGN - Thyroglobulin (ng/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXTGN
SAS Label:

    Thyroglobulin (ng/mL)
English Text:

    Thyroglobulin (ng/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.07 to 395.21 | Range of Values | 1966 | 1966 |   
. | Missing | 211 | 2177 |   
  
### LBDTGNSI - Thyroglobulin (ug/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDTGNSI
SAS Label:

    Thyroglobulin (ug/L)
English Text:

    Thyroglobulin (ug/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.07 to 395.21 | Range of Values | 1966 | 1966 |   
. | Missing | 211 | 2177 |   
  
### LBXATG - Thyroglobulin antibodies (IU/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXATG
SAS Label:

    Thyroglobulin antibodies (IU/mL)
English Text:

    Thyroglobulin antibodies (IU/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.6 to 1635.1 | Range of Values | 1956 | 1956 |   
. | Missing | 221 | 2177 |   
  
### LBXTSH1 - Thyroid stimulating hormone (uIU/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXTSH1
SAS Label:

    Thyroid stimulating hormone (uIU/mL)
English Text:

    Thyroid stimulating hormone (uIU/mL) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.035 to 55.49 | Range of Values | 1970 | 1970 |   
. | Missing | 207 | 2177 |   
  
### LBDTSH1S - Thyroid stimulating hormone (mIU/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDTSH1S
SAS Label:

    Thyroid stimulating hormone (mIU/L)
English Text:

    Thyroid stimulating hormone (mIU/L)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.035 to 55.49 | Range of Values | 1970 | 1970 |   
. | Missing | 207 | 2177 |   
  
### LBXTPO - Thyroid perioxidase antibodies (IU/mL)

Variable Name:

    LBXTPO
SAS Label:

    Thyroid perioxidase antibodies (IU/mL)
English Text:

    Thyroid perioxidase antibodies (IU/mL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
0.18 to 991.4 | Range of Values | 1953 | 1953 |   
. | Missing | 224 | 2177 |   
  
### LBXTT3 - Triiodothyronine (T3), total (ng/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXTT3
SAS Label:

    Triiodothyronine (T3), total (ng/dL)
English Text:

    Triiodothyronine (T3), total (ng/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
50 to 288 | Range of Values | 1969 | 1969 |   
. | Missing | 208 | 2177 |   
  
### LBDTT3SI - Triiodothyronine (T3), total (nmol/L)

Variable Name:

    LBDTT3SI
SAS Label:

    Triiodothyronine (T3), total (nmol/L)
English Text:

    Triiodothyronine (T3), total (nmol/L) 
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 to 4 | Range of Values | 1969 | 1969 |   
. | Missing | 208 | 2177 |   
  
### LBXTT4 - Thyroxine, total (T4) (ug/dL)

Variable Name:

    LBXTT4
SAS Label:

    Thyroxine, total (T4) (ug/dL)
English Text:

    Thyroxine, total (T4) (ug/dL)
Target:

     Both males and females 12 YEARS - 150 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
2.9 to 19.09 | Range of Values | 1964 | 1964 |   
. | Missing | 213 | 2177 | 

