ï»¿

### Table of Contents

  * Component Description
  * Eligible Sample
  * Description of Laboratory Methodology
  * Laboratory Method Files
  * Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring
  * Data Processing and Editing
  * Analytic Notes
  * References
  * Codebook
    * SEQN - Respondent sequence number
    * URXUTRI - Trichomonas, urine

# National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey

## 2013-2014 Data Documentation, Codebook, and Frequencies

### Trichomonas - Urine (TRICH_H)

####  Data File: TRICH_H.xpt

##### First Published: October 2015

##### Last Revised: NA

## Component Description

Trichomonas vaginalis infection is the most common curable sexually
transmitted infection among women in the United States; it can cause
inflammation that has been associated with an increased risk of HIV
transmission and acquisition, and low birth weight.

Prevalence in adult men has never been measured in a nationally representative
sample. T. vaginalis infection is not reportable and so few other sources
exist for obtaining national data.

## Eligible Sample

Participants aged 14-59 years were tested. Public data file includes data for
persons 18-59 years of age. Please see _Analytic Notes_ for Data Users about
the release of data for adolescents 14-17 years of age.

## Description of Laboratory Methodology

Urine specimens were processed, stored and shipped to the Division of STD
Prevention, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD and TB
Prevention, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta, GA for
analysis. Detailed specimen collection and processing instructions are
discussed in the [NHANES Laboratory Procedures Manual
(LPM)](http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/nhanes_13_14/2013_MEC_Laboratory_Procedures_Manual.pdf).

The GEN-PROBE APTIMA Trichomonas vaginalis Assay combines the technologies of
target capture, Transcription-Mediated Amplification (TMA), and Dual Kinetic
Assay (DKA).

Specimens are collected and transferred into their respective specimen
transport tubes. The transport solutions in these tubes release the rRNA
targets and protect them from degradation during storage. When the APTIMA
Trichomonas vaginalis (T. vaginalis) Assay is performed in the laboratory, the
target rRNA molecules are isolated from specimens by the use of capture
oligomers in a method called target capture; magnetic microparticles are
another key feature of target capture. The capture oligomers contain sequences
complementary to specific regions of the target molecules as well as a string
of deoxyadenosine residues. A separate capture oligomer is used for each
target. During the hybridization step, the sequence specific regions of the
capture oligomers bind to specific regions of the target molecules. The
capture oligomer: target complex is then captured out of solution by
decreasing the temperature of the reaction to room temperature. This
temperature reduction allows hybridization to occur between the deoxyadenosine
region on the capture oligomer and the poly-deoxythymidine molecules that are
covalently attached to the magnetic particles. The microparticles, including
the captured target molecules bound to them, are pulled to the side of the
reaction vessel using magnets and the supernatant is aspirated. The particles
are washed to remove residual specimen matrix that may contain amplification
reaction inhibitors. After the target capture steps are completed, the
specimens are ready for amplification.

Target amplification assays are based on the ability of complementary
oligonucleotide primers to specifically anneal and allow enzymatic
amplification of the target nucleic acid strands. The GEN-PROBE TMA reaction
replicates a specific region of the small ribosomal subunit from T. vaginalis
via DNA and RNA intermediates and generates RNA amplicon molecules. Detection
of the rRNA amplification product sequences is achieved using nucleic acid
hybridization (HPA). A single-stranded chemiluminescent DNA probe, which is
complementary to a region of the target amplicon, is labeled with different
acridinium ester molecule. The labeled DNA probe combines with amplicon to
form stable RNA: DNA hybrids. The Selection Reagent differentiates hybridized
from unhybridized probe, eliminating the generation of signal from
unhybridized probe. During the detection step, light emitted from the labeled
RNA: DNA hybrids is measured as photon signals in a luminometer, and are
reported as Relative Light Units (RLU).

Refer to the Laboratory Method Files section for detailed laboratory procedure
manual(s) of the methods used.

Trichomonas testing was added to the NHNES 2013-2014 cycle in 2013.

## Laboratory Method Files

[Urinary Trichomonas vaginalis
](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/labmethods/TRICH_H_MET_TRICHOMONAS.pdf)
(December 2016)

## Laboratory Quality Assurance and Monitoring

Urine specimens were processed, stored and shipped to the Division of STD
Prevention Laboratory, National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD and
TB Prevention, National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Atlanta,
GA for for analysis.

Detailed instructions on specimen collection and processing are discussed in
the NHANES [Laboratory Procedures Manual
(LPM)](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_mec_laboratory_procedures_manual.pdf).
Vials are stored under appropriate frozen (â30Â°C) conditions until they are
shipped to Division of STD Prevention Laboratory for testing.

The NHANES quality assurance and quality control (QA/QC) protocols meet the
1988 Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act mandates. Detailed QA/QC instructions
are discussed in the NHANES
[LPM](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nhanes/2013-2014/manuals/2013_mec_laboratory_procedures_manual.pdf).

**Mobile Examination Centers (MECs)**

Laboratory team performance is monitored using several techniques. NCHS and
contract consultants use a structured quality assurance evaluation during
unscheduled visits to evaluate both the quality of the laboratory work and the
quality-control procedures. Each laboratory staff person is observed for
equipment operation, specimen collection and preparation; testing procedures
and constructive feedback are given to each staff. Formal retraining sessions
are conducted annually to ensure that required skill levels were maintained.  
  
**Analytical Laboratories**

NHANES uses several methods to monitor the quality of the analyses performed
by the contract laboratories. In the MEC, these methods include performing
blind split samples collected on âdry runâ sessions. In addition, contract
laboratories randomly perform repeat testing on 2.0% of all specimens.  
  
Progress reports containing any problems encountered during shipping or
receipt of specimens, summary statistics for each control pool, QC graphs,
instrument calibration, reagents, and any special considerations are submitted
to NCHS quarterly. The reports are reviewed for trends or shifts in the data.
The laboratories are required to explain any identified areas of concern.  
  
All QC procedures recommended by the manufacturers were followed. Reported
results for all assays meet the Division of, STD Prevention Laboratoryâs
quality control and quality assurance performance criteria for accuracy and
precision.

## Data Processing and Editing

The data were reviewed. Incomplete data or improbable values were sent to the
performing laboratory for confirmation.

## Analytic Notes

Refer to the 2013 - 2014 [Laboratory Data
Overview](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/continuousnhanes/overviewlab.aspx?BeginYear=2013)
for general information on NHANES laboratory data.

**Demographic and Other Related Variables**

The analysis of NHANES 2013 - 2014 laboratory data must be conducted using the
appropriate survey design and demographic variables. The [NHANES 2013 - 2014
Demographics File](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/2013-2014/demo_h.htm)
contains demographic data, health indicators, and other related information
collected during household interviews as well as the sample weight variables.
The demographics file may be linked to the laboratory data file using the
unique survey participant identifier (i.e., SEQN).

Collaborators may obtain NHANES Adolescent STD Special Use Data file through a
special agreement. The data set is a SAS file containing 2 variables for
examined participants aged 14-17 years. Other interested researchers may use
this file in the NCHS Research Data Center (RDC). The variable descriptors and
variable names are as follows:

Sequence number-Seqn  
Chlamydia result-URXUTRI

**Detection Limits**

Since this data is reported as qualitative data the use of lower LLODs isnât
applicable.

Exam weights should be used for analyses. Please refer to the NHANES [Analytic
Guidelines](https://wwwn.cdc.gov/nchs/nhanes/analyticguidelines.aspx) and the
on-line NHANES [Tutorial](https://www.cdc.gov/nchs/tutorials/) for further
details on the use of sample weights and other analytic issues.

## References

  * N/A

## Codebook and Frequencies

### SEQN - Respondent sequence number

Variable Name:

    SEQN
SAS Label:

    Respondent sequence number
English Text:

    Respondent sequence number.
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 59 YEARS

### URXUTRI - Trichomonas, urine

Variable Name:

    URXUTRI
SAS Label:

    Trichomonas, urine
English Text:

    Trichomonas, urine
Target:

     Both males and females 18 YEARS - 59 YEARS
Code or Value | Value Description | Count | Cumulative | Skip to Item  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 | Positive | 71 | 71 |   
2 | Negative | 3986 | 4057 |   
3 | Indeterminate | 0 | 4057 |   
. | Missing | 82 | 4139 | 

